2-faced	negative
2-faces	negative
abandoned negative
abandoned negative
abandonment negative
abandon negative
abandon negative
abandons negative
abasement negative
abase negative
abash negative
abate negative
abdicate negative
abducted negative
abduction negative
abductions negative
aberration negative
abhor negative
abhor negative
abhorred negative
abhorred negative
abhorrence negative
abhorrently negative
abhorrent negative
abhorrent negative
abhors negative
abhors negative
abidance positive
abide positive
abilities positive
abilities positive
ability positive
ability positive
abjectly negative
abject negative
abjure negative
able positive
abnormal negative
abnormal	negative
aboard positive
abolish negative
abolish	negative
abominable negative
abominable	negative
abominably negative
abominably	negative
abominate negative
abominate	negative
abomination negative
abomination	negative
aborted	negative
abort	negative
aborts	negative
abound positive
abound	positive
abounds	positive
above-average positive
above positive
abrade negative
abrade	negative
abrasive negative
abrasive	negative
abruptly	negative
abrupt negative
abrupt	negative
abscond negative
abscond	negative
absence negative
absence	negative
absentee negative
absentee negative
absentee	negative
absentees negative
absent-minded negative
absent-minded	negative
absolutely neutral
absolute neutral
absolved positive
absolve positive
absolve positive
absolves positive
absolving positive
absorbed neutral
absorbed positive
absurdity negative
absurdity	negative
absurdly negative
absurdly	negative
absurd negative
absurd	negative
absurdness negative
absurdness	negative
abundance positive
abundance	positive
abundant positive
abundant	positive
abused negative
abused	negative
abuse negative
abuse negative
abuse	negative
abuses negative
abuses negative
abuses	negative
abusive negative
abusive negative
abusive	negative
abysmally negative
abysmally	negative
abysmal negative
abysmal	negative
abyss negative
abyss	negative
accede positive
accentuate neutral
acceptable positive
acceptance positive
accepted positive
accepting positive
accept positive
accept positive
accepts positive
accessable	positive
accessible positive
accessible	positive
accidentally negative
accidental negative
accidental negative
accidental	negative
accident negative
accidents negative
acclaimed positive
acclaimed	positive
acclaim positive
acclaim	positive
acclamation positive
acclamation	positive
accolade positive
accolade	positive
accolades positive
accolades	positive
accommodative positive
accommodative	positive
accomodative	positive
accomplished positive
accomplished	positive
accomplishes positive
accomplishment positive
accomplishment	positive
accomplishments positive
accomplishments	positive
accomplish positive
accomplish positive
accomplish	positive
accordance positive
accordantly positive
accord positive
accost negative
accost	negative
accountable negative
accurately positive
accurately	positive
accurate positive
accurate	positive
accursed negative
accursed	negative
accusation negative
accusation negative
accusation	negative
accusations negative
accusations negative
accusations	negative
accused negative
accuse negative
accuse negative
accuse	negative
accuses negative
accuses negative
accuses	negative
accusingly negative
accusingly	negative
accusing negative
accusing negative
accusing	negative
acerbate negative
acerbate	negative
acerbically negative
acerbically	negative
acerbic negative
acerbic	negative
ached	negative
ache negative
ache negative
ache	negative
aches	negative
achey	negative
achievable positive
achievable positive
achievable	positive
achievement positive
achievement	positive
achievements positive
achievements	positive
achieve positive
achievible	positive
aching negative
aching	negative
acknowledgement positive
acknowledge positive
acquit positive
acquit positive
acquits positive
acquitted positive
acquitting positive
acridly negative
acridly	negative
acrid negative
acrid	negative
acridness negative
acridness	negative
acrimoniously negative
acrimoniously	negative
acrimonious negative
acrimonious negative
acrimonious	negative
acrimony negative
acrimony	negative
active positive
active positive
activist neutral
actuality neutral
actually neutral
actual neutral
acumen positive
acumen	positive
adamantly negative
adamantly	negative
adamant negative
adamant	negative
adaptability positive
adaptable positive
adaptable	positive
adaptive positive
adaptive	positive
addicted	negative
addicting	negative
addiction negative
addict negative
addict	negative
addicts	negative
adeptly positive
adept positive
adequate positive
adequate positive
adequate	positive
adherence positive
adherent positive
adhesion positive
adjustable	positive
admirable positive
admirable	positive
admirably positive
admirably	positive
admiration positive
admiration	positive
admired positive
admire positive
admire positive
admire	positive
admirer positive
admirer	positive
admires positive
admiringly positive
admiringly	positive
admiring positive
admiring positive
admiring	positive
admission positive
admit negative
admit positive
admits negative
admittedly positive
admitted negative
admonished negative
admonisher negative
admonisher	negative
admonishingly negative
admonishingly	negative
admonishment negative
admonishment	negative
admonish negative
admonish negative
admonish	negative
admonition negative
admonition	negative
adolescents neutral
adopt positive
adopts positive
adorable positive
adorable positive
adorable	positive
adored positive
adored positive
adored	positive
adore positive
adore positive
adore	positive
adorer positive
adorer	positive
adores positive
adoringly positive
adoringly	positive
adoring positive
adoring	positive
adrift negative
adroitly positive
adroitly	positive
adroit positive
adroit	positive
adulate positive
adulate	positive
adulation positive
adulation	positive
adulatory positive
adulatory	positive
adulterated negative
adulterated	negative
adulterate negative
adulterate	negative
adulteration negative
adulteration	negative
adulterier	negative
advanced positive
advanced positive
advanced	positive
advantageously	positive
advantageous positive
advantageous	positive
advantage positive
advantage positive
advantage	positive
advantages positive
advantages positive
advantages	positive
adventure positive
adventure positive
adventuresome positive
adventuresome	positive
adventures positive
adventurism positive
adventurous positive
adventurous positive
adventurous	positive
adversarial negative
adversarial	negative
adversary negative
adversary	negative
adverse negative
adverse	negative
adversity negative
adversity	negative
advice positive
advisable positive
advocacy positive
advocated	positive
advocate positive
advocate	positive
advocates	positive
affability positive
affability	positive
affable positive
affable	positive
affably positive
affably	positive
affectation negative
affectation	positive
affected negative
affected neutral
affectionate positive
affectionate positive
affectionate	positive
affection positive
affection positive
affection	positive
affect neutral
affinity positive
affinity	positive
affirmation positive
affirmation	positive
affirmative positive
affirmative	positive
affirm positive
affirm	positive
afflicted negative
affliction negative
affliction	negative
afflictive negative
afflictive	negative
afflict negative
afflict	negative
affluence positive
affluence	positive
affluent positive
affluent	positive
affordable positive
affordable	positive
affordably	positive
afford positive
afford	positive
affronted negative
affront negative
affront	negative
afloat positive
afordable	positive
afraid negative
afraid negative
afraid	negative
against negative
aggravated negative
aggravate negative
aggravate negative
aggravate	negative
aggravates negative
aggravating negative
aggravating negative
aggravating	negative
aggravation negative
aggravation	negative
aggression negative
aggression negative
aggression	negative
aggressions negative
aggressive negative
aggressive negative
aggressive	negative
aggressiveness negative
aggressiveness	negative
aggressor negative
aggressor	negative
aggrieved negative
aggrieved	negative
aggrieve negative
aggrieve	negative
aggrivation	negative
aghast negative
aghast negative
aghast	negative
agilely positive
agilely	positive
agile positive
agile	positive
agility positive
agility	positive
agitated negative
agitate negative
agitation negative
agitator negative
agog positive
agonies negative
agonies	negative
agonised negative
agonise negative
agonises negative
agonising negative
agonized negative
agonize negative
agonize negative
agonize	negative
agonizes negative
agonizingly negative
agonizingly	negative
agonizing negative
agonizing negative
agonizing	negative
agony negative
agony	negative
agreeability positive
agreeableness positive
agreeableness	positive
agreeable positive
agreeable positive
agreeable	positive
agreeably positive
agreeably	positive
agreed positive
agreement positive
agreement positive
agree positive
agree positive
agrees positive
aground	negative
aha neutral
ailing	negative
ailment negative
ailment	negative
ail negative
ail	negative
aimless negative
aimless	negative
air neutral
airs negative
alarmed negative
alarmed negative
alarmed	negative
alarmingly negative
alarmingly	negative
alarming negative
alarming	negative
alarmist negative
alarmists negative
alarm negative
alarm negative
alarm	negative
alas negative
alas negative
alert negative
alert neutral
alienated negative
alienated	negative
alienate negative
alienate	negative
alienation negative
alienation negative
alienation	negative
alive positive
all-around	positive
allay positive
allegation negative
allegation	negative
allegations negative
allegations	negative
allege negative
allege	negative
allegorize neutral
allergic negative
allergic negative
allergic	negative
allergies	negative
allergy	negative
alleviate positive
alliance neutral
alliances neutral
allowable positive
allow positive
allow positive
all-time neutral
allure positive
alluringly positive
alluringly	positive
alluring positive
alluring	positive
allusion neutral
allusions neutral
ally positive
almighty positive
alone negative
aloof negative
aloof	negative
altercation negative
altercation	negative
although negative
altogether neutral
altruistically positive
altruistically	positive
altruistic positive
altruistic	positive
altruist positive
amazed positive
amazed positive
amazed	positive
amazement positive
amazement	positive
amaze positive
amaze positive
amaze	positive
amazes positive
amazes	positive
amazingly positive
amazingly	positive
amazing positive
amazing positive
amazing	positive
ambiguity negative
ambiguity	negative
ambiguous negative
ambiguous	negative
ambitiously positive
ambitiously	positive
ambitious positive
ambitious positive
ambitious	positive
ambivalence negative
ambivalence	negative
ambivalent negative
ambivalent negative
ambivalent	negative
ambush negative
ambush	negative
ameliorate positive
ameliorate	positive
amenable positive
amenable	positive
amenity positive
amenity	positive
amiability positive
amiability	positive
amiabily positive
amiabily	positive
amiable positive
amiable	positive
amicability positive
amicability	positive
amicable positive
amicable	positive
amicably positive
amicably	positive
amiss negative
amiss	negative
amity positive
amity	positive
amnesty positive
amour positive
ample positive
ample	positive
amplify neutral
amply positive
amply	positive
amputate negative
amputate	negative
amused positive
amusement positive
amusement positive
amusements positive
amuse positive
amuse positive
amuse	positive
amusingly positive
amusingly	positive
amusing positive
amusing	positive
analytical neutral
anarchism negative
anarchism	negative
anarchistic negative
anarchistic	negative
anarchist negative
anarchist	negative
anarchy negative
anarchy	negative
anemic negative
anemic	negative
angelic positive
angelic	positive
angel positive
angel	positive
anger negative
anger negative
anger	negative
angers negative
angrily negative
angrily	negative
angriness negative
angriness	negative
angry negative
angry negative
angry	negative
anguished negative
anguish negative
anguish negative
anguish	negative
animated positive
animosity negative
animosity negative
animosity	negative
annihilate negative
annihilate	negative
annihilation negative
annihilation	negative
annoyance negative
annoyance negative
annoyance	negative
annoyances	negative
annoyed negative
annoyed negative
annoyed	negative
annoyingly negative
annoyingly	negative
annoying negative
annoying negative
annoying	negative
annoy negative
annoy negative
annoy	negative
annoys negative
annoys	negative
anomalous negative
anomalous	negative
anomaly negative
anomaly	negative
antagonism negative
antagonism	negative
antagonistic negative
antagonistic negative
antagonistic	negative
antagonist negative
antagonist	negative
antagonize negative
antagonize	negative
anti-american	negative
anti-American negative
anticipation positive
anti-israeli	negative
anti-Israeli negative
anti negative
anti- negative
anti-	negative
anti-occupation negative
anti-occupation	negative
antipathy negative
antipathy	negative
anti-proliferation negative
anti-proliferation	negative
antiquated negative
antiquated	negative
anti-semites	negative
anti-Semites negative
anti-social negative
anti-social	negative
antithetical negative
antithetical	negative
anti-us	negative
anti-US negative
anti-white negative
anti-white	negative
anxieties negative
anxieties	negative
anxiety negative
anxiety negative
anxiety	negative
anxiously negative
anxiously	negative
anxious negative
anxious negative
anxious	negative
anxiousness negative
anxiousness	negative
anyhow neutral
anyway neutral
anyways neutral
apathetically negative
apathetically	negative
apathetic negative
apathetic negative
apathetic	negative
apathy negative
apathy negative
apathy	negative
ape negative
apeshit negative
apocalypse negative
apocalypse	negative
apocalyptic negative
apocalyptic negative
apocalyptic	negative
apologised negative
apologise negative
apologises negative
apologising negative
apologist negative
apologist	negative
apologists negative
apologists	negative
apologized negative
apologize negative
apologizes negative
apologizing negative
apology negative
a+	positive
apostle positive
apotheosis positive
apotheosis	positive
appalled negative
appalled negative
appalled	negative
appallingly negative
appallingly	negative
appalling negative
appalling negative
appalling	negative
appall negative
appall	negative
appal negative
appal	negative
apparently neutral
apparent neutral
appealing positive
appealing	positive
appeal positive
appeal	positive
appearance neutral
appear neutral
appeased positive
appease positive
appease positive
appeases positive
appeasing positive
applauded positive
applauding positive
applaud positive
applaud positive
applaud	positive
applauds positive
applause positive
appreciable positive
appreciable	positive
appreciated positive
appreciated	positive
appreciate positive
appreciate positive
appreciate	positive
appreciates positive
appreciates	positive
appreciating positive
appreciation positive
appreciation positive
appreciatively positive
appreciatively	positive
appreciativeness positive
appreciative positive
appreciative	positive
apprehend neutral
apprehension negative
apprehension	negative
apprehensions negative
apprehensions	negative
apprehensively negative
apprehensively	negative
apprehensive negative
apprehensive negative
apprehensive	negative
appropriate positive
appropriate	positive
approval positive
approval positive
approval	positive
approved positive
approve positive
approve	positive
approves positive
aptitude positive
aptly positive
apt positive
arbitrary negative
arbitrary	negative
arcane negative
arcane	negative
archaic negative
archaic	negative
ardently positive
ardently	positive
ardent positive
ardent positive
ardent	positive
ardor positive
ardor	positive
arduously negative
arduously	negative
arduous negative
arduous	negative
argue negative
argumentative negative
argumentative	negative
argument negative
arguments negative
aristocratic positive
arousal positive
arouse positive
arousing positive
arrested negative
arresting positive
arrest negative
arrests negative
arrogance negative
arrogance	negative
arrogantly negative
arrogantly	negative
arrogant negative
arrogant negative
arrogant	negative
articulate positive
articulate	positive
artificial negative
ascendant positive
ascertainable positive
ashamed negative
ashamed negative
ashamed	negative
ashame negative
asininely negative
asininely	negative
asinine negative
asinine	negative
asinininity negative
asinininity	negative
askance negative
askance	negative
asperse negative
asperse	negative
aspersion negative
aspersion	negative
aspersions negative
aspersions	negative
aspiration positive
aspiration	positive
aspirations positive
aspirations	positive
aspire positive
aspire	positive
assail negative
assail	negative
assassinate negative
assassinate	negative
assassination negative
assassinations negative
assassin negative
assassin	negative
assault negative
assault	negative
assent positive
assertions positive
assertive positive
assessment neutral
assessments neutral
assess neutral
asset positive
asset positive
assets positive
assfucking negative
asshole negative
assiduously positive
assiduous positive
ass negative
assuage positive
assult	negative
assumption neutral
assurance positive
assurance	positive
assurances positive
assurances	positive
assuredly positive
assuredly	positive
assure positive
assure	positive
assuring	positive
astonished positive
astonished positive
astonished	positive
astonishingly positive
astonishingly	positive
astonishing positive
astonishing	positive
astonishment positive
astonishment	positive
astonish positive
astonish	positive
astounded positive
astounded positive
astounded	positive
astoundingly positive
astoundingly positive
astoundingly	positive
astounding positive
astounding positive
astounding	positive
astound positive
astound positive
astound	positive
astounds positive
astray negative
astray	negative
astronomically neutral
astronomical neutral
astronomic neutral
astutely positive
astutely	positive
astute positive
asunder negative
asunder	negative
asylum positive
atrocious negative
atrocious	negative
atrocities negative
atrocities	negative
atrocity negative
atrocity	negative
atrophy negative
atrophy	negative
attacked negative
attacking negative
attack negative
attack negative
attack	negative
attacks negative
attacks	negative
attainable positive
attain positive
attentive positive
attentive	positive
attest positive
attitude neutral
attitudes neutral
attracted positive
attracting positive
attraction positive
attraction positive
attraction	positive
attractions positive
attractively positive
attractively	positive
attractive positive
attractive	positive
attract positive
attracts positive
attune positive
attune	positive
audaciously negative
audaciously	negative
audacious negative
audacious	negative
audaciousness negative
audaciousness	negative
audacious positive
audacity negative
audacity	negative
audible	positive
audibly	positive
audiciously	negative
auspicious positive
auspicious	positive
austere negative
austere	negative
authentic positive
authentic	positive
authoritarian negative
authoritarian	negative
authoritative positive
authoritative	positive
authority positive
autocratic negative
autocratic	negative
autocrat negative
autocrat	negative
autonomous positive
autonomous	positive
available	positive
avalanche negative
avalanche	negative
avarice negative
avarice	negative
avariciously negative
avariciously	negative
avaricious negative
avaricious	negative
avenge negative
avenge	negative
aver positive
aver	positive
averse negative
averse	negative
aversion negative
aversion	negative
averted negative
avert negative
averts negative
avidly positive
avidly	positive
avid positive
avid positive
avid	positive
avoidance negative
avoided negative
avoid negative
avoid negative
avoids negative
awaited negative
await negative
awaits negative
awarded positive
awarded	positive
award positive
award positive
award	positive
awards positive
awards	positive
awareness neutral
aware neutral
awed positive
awed	positive
aweful	negative
awe positive
awe	positive
awesomely positive
awesomely	positive
awesomeness positive
awesomeness	positive
awesome positive
awesome positive
awesome	positive
awestruck positive
awestruck	positive
awfully negative
awfully	negative
awful negative
awful negative
awful	negative
awfulness negative
awfulness	negative
awkward negative
awkward negative
awkward	negative
awkwardness negative
awkwardness	negative
awsome	positive
axed negative
axe negative
ax negative
ax	negative
babble negative
babble	negative
baby neutral
backache	negative
backaches	negative
backaching	negative
backbite negative
backbite	negative
backbiting negative
backbiting	negative
backbone positive
backbone	positive
backed positive
backing positive
back-logged	negative
back positive
backs positive
backward negative
backward	negative
backwardness negative
backwardness	negative
back-wood	negative
backwood	negative
back-woods	negative
backwoods	negative
badass negative
badly negative
badly negative
badly	negative
bad negative
bad negative
bad	negative
baffled negative
baffled	negative
bafflement negative
bafflement	negative
baffle negative
baffle	negative
baffling negative
baffling	negative
bailout negative
bait negative
bait	negative
balanced positive
balanced	positive
balk negative
balk	negative
bamboozled negative
bamboozle negative
bamboozles negative
banalize negative
banalize	negative
banal negative
banal	negative
bane negative
bane	negative
banishment negative
banishment	negative
banish negative
banish negative
banish	negative
bankrupt negative
bankrupt negative
bankrupt	negative
bankster negative
banned negative
ban negative
barbarian negative
barbarian	negative
barbarically negative
barbarically	negative
barbaric negative
barbaric	negative
barbarity negative
barbarity	negative
barbarously negative
barbarously	negative
barbarous negative
barbarous	negative
barely negative
bargain positive
bargain positive
bargain	positive
bar negative
barren negative
barren	negative
barrier negative
baseless negative
baseless	negative
bashed	negative
bashful negative
bashful	negative
bashing	negative
bash	negative
basically neutral
basic positive
bask positive
bastard negative
bastard negative
bastard	negative
bastards negative
bastards	negative
batons neutral
battered negative
battered	negative
battering negative
battering	negative
battlefield negative
battleground negative
battle-lines negative
battle negative
battle negative
battles negative
batty negative
batty	negative
beacon positive
bearish negative
bearish	negative
beastly negative
beastly	negative
beast negative
beaten negative
beatific positive
beatify positive
beating negative
beauteous positive
beauteous	positive
beauties positive
beautifullly	positive
beautifully positive
beautifully positive
beautifully	positive
beautiful positive
beautiful positive
beautiful	positive
beautify positive
beautify positive
beautify	positive
beauty positive
beauty	positive
beckoned	positive
beckoning	positive
beckon	positive
beckons	positive
bedlamite negative
bedlamite	negative
bedlam negative
bedlam	negative
befit positive
befitting positive
befoul negative
befoul	negative
befriend positive
beggarly negative
beggarly	negative
beggar negative
beggar	negative
begging negative
begging	negative
beg negative
beg	negative
beguile negative
beguile	negative
belabor negative
belabor	negative
belated negative
belated	negative
beleaguer negative
beleaguer	negative
belief neutral
beliefs neutral
belie negative
belie	negative
believable positive
believable	positive
believeable	positive
believe neutral
belittled negative
belittled negative
belittled	negative
belittle negative
belittle negative
belittle	negative
belittling negative
belittling	negative
bellicose negative
bellicose	negative
belligerence negative
belligerence	negative
belligerently negative
belligerently	negative
belligerent negative
belligerent	negative
beloved positive
beloved positive
beloved	positive
bemoaning negative
bemoaning	negative
bemoan negative
bemoan	negative
bemused negative
bemused	negative
benefactor positive
benefactor	positive
beneficent positive
beneficent	positive
beneficially positive
beneficially	positive
beneficial positive
beneficial	positive
beneficiary positive
beneficiary	positive
benefit positive
benefit positive
benefit	positive
benefits positive
benefits positive
benefits	positive
benefitted positive
benefitting positive
benevolence positive
benevolence	positive
benevolent positive
benevolent	positive
benifits	positive
benign positive
bent negative
bent	negative
berate negative
berate	negative
bereaved negative
bereavement negative
bereavement	negative
bereave negative
bereave negative
bereave	negative
bereaves negative
bereaving negative
bereft negative
bereft	negative
berserk negative
berserk	negative
beseech negative
beseech	negative
beset negative
beset	negative
besides neutral
besiege negative
besiege	negative
besmirch negative
besmirch	negative
bestial negative
bestial	negative
best-known positive
best-known	positive
best-performing positive
best-performing	positive
best positive
best positive
best	positive
best-selling positive
best-selling	positive
betrayal negative
betrayal negative
betrayal	negative
betrayals negative
betrayals	negative
betrayed negative
betrayer negative
betrayer	negative
betraying negative
betraying	negative
betray negative
betray negative
betray	negative
betrays negative
betrays	negative
better-known positive
better-known	positive
better positive
better positive
better	positive
better-than-expected positive
better-than-expected	positive
beutifully	positive
bewail negative
bewail	negative
beware negative
beware	negative
bewildered negative
bewildered	negative
bewilderingly negative
bewilderingly	negative
bewildering negative
bewildering	negative
bewilderment negative
bewilderment	negative
bewilder negative
bewilder	negative
bewitch negative
bewitch	negative
biased negative
biased negative
biased	negative
biases negative
biases	negative
bias negative
bias negative
bias	negative
bickering negative
bickering	negative
bicker negative
bicker	negative
bid-rigging negative
bid-rigging	negative
big neutral
bigotries	negative
bigotry	negative
big positive
bitches negative
bitch negative
bitch negative
bitch	negative
bitchy negative
bitchy	negative
bitingly negative
bitingly	negative
biting negative
biting	negative
bitterly negative
bitterly negative
bitterly	negative
bitter negative
bitter negative
bitter	negative
bitterness negative
bitterness	negative
bizarre negative
bizarre negative
bizarre	negative
blabber negative
blabber	negative
blab negative
blab	negative
blackmail negative
blackmail	negative
black negative
blah negative
blah negative
blah	negative
blamed negative
blameless positive
blameless	positive
blame negative
blame negative
blame	negative
blames negative
blameworthy negative
blameworthy	negative
blaming negative
blandish negative
blandish	negative
bland negative
bland	negative
blaspheme negative
blaspheme	negative
blasphemous negative
blasphemous	negative
blasphemy negative
blasphemy	negative
blasted negative
blasted	negative
blast negative
blatantly negative
blatantly	negative
blatant negative
blatant	negative
blather negative
blather	negative
bleakly negative
bleakly	negative
bleak negative
bleak	negative
bleakness negative
bleakness	negative
bleeding	negative
bleed negative
bleed	negative
bleeds	negative
blemish negative
blemish	negative
blesses positive
blessing positive
blessing positive
blessing	positive
bless positive
bless positive
bless	positive
blindingly negative
blindingly	negative
blinding negative
blinding	negative
blind negative
blind negative
blind	negative
blindness negative
blindside negative
blindside	negative
blissfully positive
blissfully	positive
blissful positive
blissful positive
blissful	positive
bliss positive
bliss positive
bliss	positive
blistering negative
blistering	negative
blister negative
blister	negative
blithe positive
blithe positive
blithe	positive
bloated negative
bloated	negative
blockage	negative
blockbuster positive
blockbuster	positive
blocked negative
blockhead negative
blockhead	negative
blocking negative
block negative
block negative
blocks negative
blood negative
blood neutral
bloodshed negative
bloodshed	negative
bloodthirsty negative
bloodthirsty	negative
bloody negative
bloody negative
bloody	negative
bloom positive
bloom	positive
blossom positive
blossom	positive
blotchy	negative
blow negative
blow	negative
blundering negative
blundering	negative
blunder negative
blunder	negative
blunders negative
blunders	negative
blunt negative
blunt	negative
bluring	negative
blur negative
blur	negative
blurred	negative
blurring	negative
blurry negative
blurry	negative
blurs	negative
blurt negative
blurt	negative
boastful negative
boastful negative
boastful	negative
boast negative
boast positive
boggle negative
boggle	negative
bogus negative
bogus	negative
boiling negative
boiling	negative
boil negative
boil	negative
boisterous negative
boisterous	negative
boldly positive
boldly positive
boldness positive
bold positive
bold positive
bolster positive
bolster	positive
bombardment negative
bombardment	negative
bombard negative
bombard	negative
bombastic negative
bombastic	negative
bomb negative
bomb negative
bomb	negative
bondage negative
bondage	negative
bonkers negative
bonkers	negative
bonny positive
bonny	positive
bonuses	positive
bonus positive
bonus	positive
booming positive
booming	positive
boom positive
boom	positive
boosted positive
boosting positive
boost positive
boost positive
boost	positive
boosts positive
bored negative
bored	negative
boredom negative
boredom	negative
bore negative
bore negative
bore	negative
bores	negative
boring negative
boring negative
boring	negative
botch negative
botch	negative
bothered negative
bothered	negative
bothering	negative
bother negative
bother negative
bother	negative
bothers negative
bothers	negative
bothersome negative
bothersome negative
bothersome	negative
boundless positive
boundless	positive
bountiful positive
bountiful	positive
bowdlerize negative
bowdlerize	negative
boycotted negative
boycotting negative
boycott negative
boycott negative
boycott	negative
boycotts negative
brag both
braggart negative
braggart	negative
bragger negative
bragger	negative
brainiest	positive
brainless	negative
brains positive
brainwashing negative
brainwash negative
brainwash	negative
brainy positive
brainy	positive
brand-new	positive
brashly negative
brashly	negative
brash negative
brash	negative
brashness negative
brashness	negative
brat negative
brat	negative
bravado negative
bravado	negative
brave positive
brave positive
brave	positive
bravery positive
bravery	positive
bravo	positive
brazenly negative
brazenly	negative
brazen negative
brazen	negative
brazenness negative
brazenness	negative
breach negative
breach	negative
breakdown negative
breakdown	negative
breaking	negative
break negative
break	negative
break-point negative
breaks	negative
breakthrough positive
breakthrough positive
breakthrough	positive
breakthroughs positive
breakthroughs	positive
break-up	negative
breakup	negative
break-ups	negative
breakups	negative
breathlessness positive
breathlessness	positive
breathtakingly positive
breathtakingly	positive
breathtaking positive
breathtaking positive
breathtaking	positive
breeze	positive
bribe negative
bribery	negative
brighten positive
brighten	positive
brighter	positive
brightest positive
brightest	positive
brightness positive
brightness positive
bright positive
bright positive
bright	positive
brilliance positive
brilliance	positive
brilliances	positive
brilliantly positive
brilliantly	positive
brilliant positive
brilliant positive
brilliant	positive
brimstone negative
brimstone	negative
brisk positive
brisk positive
brisk	positive
bristle negative
bristle	negative
brittle negative
brittle	negative
broad-based neutral
broad positive
broke negative
broke negative
broke	negative
broken-hearted negative
broken-hearted	negative
broken negative
broken	negative
brooding negative
brood negative
brood	negative
brook positive
brotherly positive
brotherly	positive
browbeat negative
browbeat	negative
bruised	negative
bruise negative
bruise	negative
bruises	negative
bruising	negative
brusque negative
brusque	negative
brutalising negative
brutalising	negative
brutalities negative
brutalities	negative
brutality negative
brutality	negative
brutalize negative
brutalize	negative
brutalizing negative
brutalizing	negative
brutally negative
brutally	negative
brutal negative
brutal	negative
brute negative
brute	negative
brutish negative
brutish	negative
bs	negative
buckle negative
buckle	negative
bugging	negative
buggy	negative
bug negative
bug	negative
bugs	negative
bulkier	negative
bulkiness	negative
bulky negative
bulky	negative
bulkyness	negative
bullied negative
bullies negative
bullies	negative
bullish positive
bullish	positive
bull----	negative
bull****	negative
bull positive
bullshit negative
bullshit	negative
bullshyt	negative
bullyingly negative
bullyingly	negative
bullying negative
bullying	negative
bully negative
bully negative
bully	negative
bummer negative
bum negative
bum	negative
bumped	negative
bumping	negative
bump	negative
bumpping	negative
bumps	negative
bumpy negative
bumpy	negative
bungle negative
bungle	negative
bungler negative
bungler	negative
bungling	negative
bunk negative
bunk	negative
buoyant positive
buoyant positive
buoyant	positive
burdened negative
burdening negative
burden negative
burden negative
burden	negative
burdens negative
burdensomely negative
burdensomely	negative
burdensome negative
burdensome	negative
burned	negative
burning	negative
burn negative
burn	negative
burns	negative
bust	negative
busts	negative
busybody negative
busybody	negative
busy negative
butcher negative
butcher	negative
butchery negative
butchery	negative
buzzing	negative
byzantine negative
byzantine	negative
cackle negative
cackle	negative
cajole negative
cajole	positive
calamities negative
calamities	negative
calamitously negative
calamitously	negative
calamitous negative
calamitous	negative
calamity negative
calamity	negative
callous negative
callous	negative
calmed positive
calming positive
calming positive
calming	positive
calmness positive
calmness	positive
calm positive
calm positive
calm	positive
calms positive
calumniate negative
calumniate	negative
calumniation negative
calumniation	negative
calumnies negative
calumnies	negative
calumniously negative
calumniously	negative
calumnious negative
calumnious	negative
calumny negative
calumny	negative
cancelled negative
cancelling negative
cancel negative
cancels negative
cancer negative
cancer negative
cancer	negative
cancerous negative
cancerous	negative
candid positive
candor positive
cannibalize negative
cannibalize	negative
cannibal negative
cannibal	negative
can't positive
capability positive
capability	positive
capable positive
capable positive
capable	positive
capably positive
capably	positive
capitalize positive
capitulate negative
capitulate	negative
capriciously negative
capriciously	negative
capricious negative
capricious	negative
capriciousness negative
capriciousness	negative
capsize negative
capsize	negative
captivated positive
captivate positive
captivate	positive
captivating positive
captivating	positive
captivation positive
captive negative
carefree positive
carefree positive
carefree	positive
carefully positive
careful positive
careful positive
careless negative
careless negative
careless	negative
carelessness negative
carelessness	negative
care positive
care positive
cares positive
caricature negative
caricature	negative
carnage negative
carnage	negative
carp negative
carp	negative
cartoonish negative
cartoonish	negative
cartoon negative
cashback	positive
cashbacks	positive
cashing positive
cash-strapped negative
cash-strapped	negative
castigate negative
castigate	negative
castrated	negative
casualty negative
casualty negative
casualty	negative
cataclysmal negative
cataclysmal	negative
cataclysmically negative
cataclysmically	negative
cataclysmic negative
cataclysmic	negative
cataclysm negative
cataclysm	negative
catalyst positive
catastrophe negative
catastrophe negative
catastrophe	negative
catastrophes negative
catastrophes	negative
catastrophically negative
catastrophically	negative
catastrophic negative
catastrophic negative
catastrophic	negative
catastrophies	negative
catchy positive
catchy	positive
caustically negative
caustically	negative
caustic negative
caustic	negative
cautionary negative
cautionary	negative
cautious negative
cautious negative
cave negative
cave	negative
ceaseless neutral
celebrated positive
celebrated positive
celebrated	positive
celebrate positive
celebrate positive
celebrate	positive
celebrates positive
celebrating positive
celebration positive
celebration	positive
celebratory positive
celebratory	positive
celebrity positive
censored negative
censor negative
censors negative
censure negative
censure	negative
central neutral
certainly neutral
certain neutral
certain positive
certified neutral
chafe negative
chafe	negative
chaff negative
chaff	negative
chagrined negative
chagrin negative
chagrin negative
chagrin	negative
challenge negative
challenge negative
challenging negative
challenging	negative
champion positive
champion	positive
champ positive
champ	positive
chance positive
chances positive
chant neutral
chaos negative
chaos negative
chaos	negative
chaotic negative
chaotic negative
chaotic	negative
charged negative
charges negative
charisma negative
charisma	positive
charismatic positive
charismatic	positive
charitable positive
charitable	positive
charity positive
charmingly positive
charmingly	positive
charming positive
charming positive
charming	positive
charmless negative
charm positive
charm positive
charm	positive
chasten negative
chasten	negative
chaste positive
chaste	positive
chastised negative
chastisement negative
chastisement	negative
chastise negative
chastise negative
chastise	negative
chastises negative
chastising negative
chatterbox negative
chatterbox	negative
chatter negative
chatter	negative
cheapen negative
cheapen	negative
cheaper	positive
cheapest	positive
cheaply	negative
cheap negative
cheap	negative
cheated negative
cheated	negative
cheater negative
cheater negative
cheater	negative
cheaters negative
cheating	negative
cheat negative
cheat negative
cheat	negative
cheats negative
cheats	negative
checkered	negative
cheered positive
cheerful positive
cheerful positive
cheerful	positive
cheering positive
cheerless negative
cheerless negative
cheerless	negative
cheer positive
cheer positive
cheer	positive
cheers positive
cheery positive
cheery positive
cheery	positive
cheesy	negative
cherished positive
cherished positive
cherished	positive
cherishes positive
cherishing positive
cherish positive
cherish positive
cherish	positive
cherub positive
cherub	positive
chic positive
chic positive
chic	positive
chide negative
chide	negative
childish negative
childish negative
childish	negative
chilling negative
chill negative
chill	negative
chilly negative
chilly	negative
chintzy	negative
chit negative
chivalrous positive
chivalrous	positive
chivalry positive
chivalry	positive
choked negative
choke negative
choke negative
choke	negative
chokes negative
choking negative
choleric	negative
choppy negative
choppy	negative
chore negative
chore	negative
chronic negative
chronic	negative
chum positive
chunky	negative
civility positive
civility	positive
civilization positive
civilize positive
civilize	positive
civil positive
claim neutral
clamor negative
clamor	negative
clamorous negative
clamorous	negative
clandestine neutral
clarifies positive
clarity positive
clarity positive
clarity	positive
clash negative
clash negative
clash	negative
classic positive
classic	positive
classy positive
classy	positive
cleaner positive
cleaner	positive
cleanest	positive
cleanliness positive
cleanliness	positive
cleanly	positive
clean positive
clean positive
clean	positive
cleanse positive
clear-cut positive
clear-cut	positive
cleared positive
cleared	positive
clearer positive
clearer	positive
clearly positive
clearly positive
clearly	positive
clear positive
clear positive
clear	positive
clears positive
clears	positive
cleverly	positive
clever positive
clever positive
clever	positive
cliched negative
cliched	negative
cliche negative
cliche	negative
clique negative
clique	negative
clogged	negative
clog negative
clog	negative
clogs	negative
close negative
closeness positive
clouded negative
clouding	negative
cloud negative
cloud	negative
cloudy	negative
clout positive
clueless negative
clueless	negative
clumsy negative
clumsy	negative
clunky	negative
coarse negative
coarse	negative
coax positive
cock negative
cocksucker negative
cocksuckers negative
cocky negative
cocky negative
cocky	negative
coddle positive
coerced negative
coerce negative
coerce	negative
coercion negative
coercion	negative
coercive negative
coercive	negative
cogent positive
cogitate neutral
cognizance neutral
cognizant neutral
coherence positive
coherence	positive
coherent positive
coherent	positive
cohere positive
cohere	positive
cohesion positive
cohesive positive
cohesive	positive
coldly negative
coldly	negative
cold negative
cold	negative
collapsed negative
collapse negative
collapse negative
collapse	negative
collapses negative
collapsing negative
collide negative
collide negative
collides negative
colliding negative
collision negative
collisions negative
collude negative
collude	negative
colluding negative
collusion negative
collusion	negative
colorful positive
colorful	positive
colossal positive
combative negative
combative	negative
combat negative
combats negative
combust	negative
comeback positive
comedy negative
comedy positive
comely positive
comely	positive
comfortable positive
comfortable positive
comfortable	positive
comfortably positive
comfortably	positive
comforting positive
comforting positive
comforting	positive
comfort positive
comfort positive
comfort	positive
comforts positive
comfy	positive
comical negative
comical	negative
commendable positive
commendable	positive
commendably positive
commendably	positive
commended positive
commend positive
commend positive
commend	positive
commensurate positive
commentator neutral
comment neutral
commiserate negative
commiserate	negative
commitment positive
commitment positive
commitment	positive
commit positive
commits positive
committed positive
committing positive
commodious positive
commodious	positive
commonplace negative
commonplace	negative
commonsense positive
commonsensible positive
commonsensibly positive
commonsensical positive
commotion negative
commotion	negative
commotions	negative
compactly	positive
compact positive
compact	positive
compassionate positive
compassionate positive
compassionate	positive
compassion positive
compassion	positive
compatible positive
compatible	positive
compelled positive
compelling positive
compel negative
compensate positive
competence positive
competency positive
competent positive
competent positive
competitiveness positive
competitive positive
competitive positive
competitive	positive
complacent negative
complacent negative
complacent	negative
complained negative
complained	negative
complaining negative
complaining	negative
complain negative
complain negative
complain	negative
complains negative
complains	negative
complaint negative
complaint	negative
complaints negative
complaints	negative
complementary	positive
complemented	positive
complement positive
complement	positive
complements	positive
completely neutral
complete neutral
complex negative
complex	negative
compliant positive
compliant	positive
complicated negative
complicated	negative
complicate negative
complication negative
complication	negative
complicit negative
complicit	negative
complimentary positive
complimentary	positive
compliment positive
compliment	positive
comprehend neutral
comprehensive positive
comprehensive positive
comprehensive	positive
compromise positive
compromises positive
compulsion negative
compulsion	negative
compulsive negative
compulsive	negative
compulsory negative
comrades positive
conceded	negative
concede negative
concede	negative
conceited negative
conceited	negative
conceit negative
conceit	negative
conceivable positive
concen	negative
concens	negative
concerned negative
concerned	negative
concerning neutral
concern negative
concern	negative
concerns negative
concerns	negative
concerted neutral
concession negative
concession	negative
concessions negative
concessions	negative
conciliated positive
conciliate positive
conciliate positive
conciliate	positive
conciliates positive
conciliating positive
conciliatory positive
conciliatory	positive
concise	positive
conclusive positive
concrete positive
concur positive
condemnable negative
condemnable	negative
condemnation negative
condemnation negative
condemnation	negative
condemned negative
condemned	negative
condemn negative
condemn negative
condemn	negative
condemns negative
condemns	negative
condescendingly negative
condescendingly	negative
condescending negative
condescending	negative
condescend negative
condescend	negative
condescension negative
condescension	negative
condolence negative
condolences negative
condone positive
conducive positive
confer positive
confession negative
confession	negative
confessions negative
confessions	negative
confess negative
confess	negative
confidence positive
confidence positive
confidence	positive
confide neutral
confident positive
confident positive
confident	positive
confined	negative
conflicted	negative
conflicting negative
conflicting	negative
conflictive negative
conflict negative
conflict negative
conflict	negative
conflicts negative
conflicts	negative
confounded negative
confounded	negative
confounding negative
confounding	negative
confound negative
confound	negative
confrontational negative
confrontational	negative
confrontation negative
confrontation	negative
confront negative
confront	negative
confused negative
confused negative
confused	negative
confuse negative
confuse negative
confuse	negative
confuses	negative
confusing negative
confusing negative
confusing	negative
confusion negative
confusion	negative
confusions	negative
confute positive
congenial positive
congenial	positive
congested negative
congested	negative
congestion negative
congestion	negative
congrats positive
congratulate positive
congratulate positive
congratulate	positive
congratulation positive
congratulation	positive
congratulations positive
congratulations positive
congratulations	positive
congratulatory positive
congratulatory	positive
conjecture neutral
conquer positive
conscience neutral
conscience positive
conscientious positive
conscientious	positive
consciousness neutral
conscons	negative
consensus positive
consent positive
consent positive
consents positive
consequently neutral
conservative	negative
considerable neutral
considerably neutral
considerate positive
considerate	positive
consideration neutral
consider neutral
consistently	positive
consistent positive
consistent	positive
cons	negative
consolable positive
console positive
conspicuously negative
conspicuously	negative
conspicuous negative
conspicuous	negative
conspiracies negative
conspiracies	negative
conspiracy negative
conspiracy negative
conspiracy	negative
conspiratorial negative
conspiratorial	negative
conspirator negative
conspirator	negative
conspire negative
conspire	negative
constancy positive
consternation negative
consternation	negative
constitutions neutral
constrained negative
constrain negative
constraint negative
constructive positive
constructive	positive
consume negative
consummate positive
consummate	positive
contagion negative
contagions negative
contagious negative
contagious negative
contagious	negative
contaminated	negative
contaminate negative
contaminate	negative
contaminates	negative
contaminating	negative
contamination negative
contamination	negative
contemplate neutral
contemptible negative
contemptible	negative
contempt negative
contempt negative
contempt	negative
contemptuously negative
contemptuously negative
contemptuously	negative
contemptuous negative
contemptuous negative
contemptuous	negative
contender negative
contending negative
contend negative
contend negative
contend	negative
contention negative
contention	negative
contentious negative
contentious negative
contentious	negative
contentment positive
contentment	positive
content positive
contestable negative
continuity positive
continuity	positive
continuous neutral
contortions negative
contortions	negative
contort negative
contort	negative
contradiction negative
contradiction	negative
contradict negative
contradict	negative
contradictory negative
contradictory	negative
contrariness negative
contrariness	negative
contrary negative
contrasty	positive
contravene negative
contravene	negative
contribution positive
contribution	positive
contrived negative
contrived	negative
contrive negative
contrive	negative
controversially negative
controversial negative
controversial negative
controversial	negative
controversy negative
controversy	negative
convenience	positive
conveniently positive
conveniently	positive
convenient positive
convenient	positive
conviction positive
convience	positive
convienient	positive
convient	positive
convinced positive
convince positive
convince positive
convinces positive
convincingly positive
convincingly	positive
convincing positive
convincing	positive
convivial positive
convoluted negative
convoluted	negative
coolest	positive
cool positive
cool positive
cool	positive
cooperate positive
co-operation positive
cooperation positive
cooperatively positive
cooperatively	positive
cooperative positive
cooperative	positive
coping negative
cordial positive
cornered negative
cornerstone positive
cornerstone	positive
corpse negative
corrective neutral
correctly positive
correctly	positive
correct positive
correct	positive
corrode negative
corrode	negative
corrosion negative
corrosion	negative
corrosions	negative
corrosive negative
corrosive	negative
corrupted	negative
corrupting	negative
corruption negative
corruption	negative
corrupt negative
corrupt	negative
corrupts	negative
corruptted	negative
cost-effective positive
cost-effective	positive
costlier	negative
costly negative
costly negative
costly	negative
cost-saving positive
cost-saving	positive
could neutral
counter-attack	positive
counter-attacks	positive
counter-productive	negative
counterproductive negative
counterproductive	negative
coupists negative
coupists	negative
courageously positive
courageously	positive
courageousness positive
courageousness	positive
courageous positive
courageous positive
courageous	positive
courage positive
courage positive
courage	positive
courteous positive
courteous positive
courteous	positive
courtesy positive
courtesy positive
courtly positive
courtly	positive
court positive
covenant positive
covenant	positive
covert neutral
cover-up negative
covet both
coveting both
covetingly both
covetously both
covetous negative
covetous	negative
cowardly negative
cowardly negative
cowardly	negative
coward negative
coward negative
coward	negative
cow negative
coziness positive
cozy positive
cozy	positive
crabby	negative
crackdown negative
cracked	negative
crack	negative
cracks	negative
craftily	negative
craftly	negative
crafty negative
crafty	negative
cramped negative
cramped	negative
cramping	negative
cramp negative
cramp	negative
cranky negative
cranky	negative
crap negative
crap	negative
crappy	negative
craps	negative
crashed	negative
crashes	negative
crashing	negative
crash negative
crash	negative
crass negative
crass	negative
cravenly negative
cravenly	negative
craven negative
craven	negative
crave positive
craving positive
craze negative
craze	negative
crazier negative
craziest negative
crazily negative
crazily	negative
craziness negative
craziness	negative
crazy negative
crazy negative
crazy	negative
creaking	negative
creak	negative
creaks	negative
creative positive
creative positive
creative	positive
credence positive
credence	positive
credible positive
credible	positive
credulous negative
credulous	negative
creeping	negative
creep	negative
creeps	negative
creepy	negative
crept	negative
crestfallen negative
cried negative
cries negative
crime negative
crime negative
crime	negative
criminal negative
criminal negative
criminal	negative
criminals negative
cringed	negative
cringe negative
cringe	negative
cringes	negative
crippled	negative
cripple negative
cripple	negative
cripples	negative
crippling negative
crippling	negative
crisis negative
crisis negative
crisis	negative
crisper	positive
crisp positive
crisp	positive
critical negative
critical	negative
criticism negative
criticism negative
criticism	negative
criticisms negative
criticisms	negative
criticized negative
criticized	negative
criticize negative
criticize negative
criticize	negative
criticizes negative
criticizing negative
criticizing	negative
critic negative
critic negative
critic	negative
critics negative
critics negative
critics	negative
cronyism	negative
crooked negative
crooked	negative
crook negative
crook	negative
crooks	negative
cross negative
crowded negative
crowded	negative
crowdedness	negative
crude negative
crude	negative
crueler	negative
cruelest	negative
cruelly	negative
cruel negative
cruel negative
cruel	negative
cruelness	negative
cruelties negative
cruelties	negative
cruelty negative
cruelty negative
cruelty	negative
crumble negative
crumble	negative
crumbling	negative
crummy	negative
crumpled	negative
crumple negative
crumple	negative
crumples	negative
crusade positive
crusader positive
crushed negative
crushed	negative
crushes negative
crushing negative
crushing negative
crushing	negative
crush negative
crush negative
crush	negative
crying negative
cry negative
cry negative
cry	negative
culpable negative
culpable	negative
culprit	negative
cumbersome negative
cumbersome	negative
cunt negative
cunt	negative
cunts	negative
cuplrit negative
cuplrit	negative
cure-all positive
cure-all	positive
cure	positive
curiously positive
curious positive
curious positive
cursed negative
cursed	negative
curse negative
curse negative
curse	negative
curses negative
curses	negative
cursory negative
curt negative
curt	negative
cushy	positive
cussed	negative
cuss negative
cuss	negative
cuteness	positive
cute positive
cute positive
cute	positive
cut negative
cut negative
cuts negative
cutthroat negative
cutthroat	negative
cutting negative
cynical negative
cynical negative
cynical	negative
cynicism negative
cynicism negative
cynicism	negative
cynic negative
damaged	negative
damage negative
damage negative
damage	negative
damages negative
damages	negative
damaging negative
damaging	negative
damnable negative
damnable	negative
damnably negative
damnably	negative
damnation negative
damnation	negative
damned negative
damned negative
damned	negative
damning negative
damning	negative
damnit negative
damn negative
damn negative
damn	negative
damper	negative
dance positive
danger negative
danger negative
danger	negative
dangerous negative
dangerous	negative
dangerousness negative
dangerousness	negative
dangle negative
danken	positive
danke	positive
daredevil positive
dare positive
daringly positive
daringly	positive
daring positive
daring positive
daring	positive
darkened	negative
darken negative
darken	negative
darker	negative
darkest negative
dark negative
dark	negative
darkness negative
darkness negative
darkness	negative
darling positive
darling	positive
darn negative
dashing positive
dashing	positive
dash negative
dastardly negative
dastardly	negative
dastard negative
dastard	negative
dauntingly negative
dauntingly	negative
daunting negative
daunting	negative
dauntless positive
dauntless positive
dauntless	positive
daunt negative
daunt	negative
dawdle negative
dawdle	negative
dawn positive
dawn	positive
daydreamer positive
daydream positive
dazed negative
dazed	negative
daze negative
daze	negative
dazzled positive
dazzled	positive
dazzle positive
dazzle	positive
dazzling positive
dazzling	positive
deadbeat negative
deadbeat	negative
dead-cheap	positive
deadlock negative
deadlock negative
deadlock	negative
deadly negative
deadly	negative
dead negative
dead negative
dead	negative
dead-on	positive
deadweight negative
deadweight	negative
deafening negative
deaf negative
deaf	negative
deal positive
dearly positive
dear positive
dear positive
dearth negative
dearth	negative
death negative
death negative
death	negative
debacle negative
debacle	negative
debasement negative
debasement	negative
debase negative
debase	negative
debaser negative
debaser	negative
debatable negative
debatable	negative
debate negative
debaucher negative
debaucher	negative
debauchery negative
debauchery	negative
debauch negative
debauch	negative
debilitate negative
debilitate	negative
debilitating negative
debilitating	negative
debility negative
debility	negative
debonair positive
debt negative
debt	negative
debts	negative
decadence negative
decadence	negative
decadent negative
decadent	negative
decayed negative
decayed	negative
decay negative
decay	negative
deceitfully negative
deceitfully	negative
deceitful negative
deceitful negative
deceitful	negative
deceitfulness negative
deceitfulness	negative
deceit negative
deceit negative
deceit	negative
deceived negative
deceive negative
deceive negative
deceive	negative
deceiver negative
deceiver	negative
deceivers negative
deceivers	negative
deceives negative
deceiving negative
deceiving negative
deceiving	negative
decency positive
decency	positive
decent positive
decent	positive
deception negative
deception negative
deception	negative
deceptively negative
deceptively	negative
deceptive negative
deceptive	negative
decide neutral
decisiveness positive
decisiveness	positive
decisive positive
decisive positive
decisive	positive
declaim negative
declaim	negative
decline negative
decline	negative
declines	negative
declining negative
declining	negative
decrease negative
decreasing negative
decrement negative
decrement	negative
decrepit negative
decrepit	negative
decrepitude negative
decrepitude	negative
decry negative
decry	negative
dedicated positive
dedicated positive
dedicated	positive
deduce neutral
deepening negative
deeply neutral
deep negative
deep neutral
defamation negative
defamation	negative
defamations negative
defamations	negative
defamatory negative
defamatory	negative
defame negative
defame	negative
defeated negative
defeated	positive
defeating	positive
defeat negative
defeat	positive
defeats	positive
defective negative
defective	negative
defect negative
defect negative
defect	negative
defects negative
defects	negative
defender positive
defender positive
defender	positive
defenders positive
defend positive
defenseless negative
defense positive
defensive negative
defensive	negative
deference positive
deference	positive
defer negative
deferring negative
defiance negative
defiance	negative
defiantly negative
defiantly	negative
defiant negative
defiant negative
defiant	negative
deficiencies	negative
deficiency negative
deficiency	negative
deficient negative
deficient	negative
deficit negative
defile negative
defile	negative
defiler negative
defiler	negative
definitely positive
definite positive
definitively positive
definitive positive
deflationary positive
deformed negative
deformed	negative
deform negative
deform	negative
defrauding negative
defrauding	negative
deft positive
deft	positive
defunct negative
defunct	negative
defy negative
defy	negative
degenerately negative
degenerately	negative
degenerate negative
degenerate	negative
degeneration negative
degeneration	negative
deginified	positive
degradation negative
degradation	negative
degraded negative
degrade negative
degrade negative
degrade	negative
degrades negative
degradingly negative
degradingly	negative
degrading negative
degrading	negative
dehumanization negative
dehumanization	negative
dehumanized negative
dehumanize negative
dehumanize negative
dehumanize	negative
dehumanizes negative
dehumanizing negative
deign negative
deign	negative
dejectedly negative
dejectedly	negative
dejected negative
dejected negative
dejected	negative
dejecting negative
dejection negative
dejection	negative
deject negative
deject negative
deject	negative
dejects negative
delayed negative
delayed	negative
delaying	negative
delay negative
delay	negative
delays	negative
delectable positive
delectable	positive
delicacy positive
delicacy	positive
delicate positive
delicate	positive
delicious positive
delicious	positive
delighted positive
delighted positive
delighted	positive
delightfully positive
delightfully	positive
delightfulness positive
delightfulness	positive
delightful positive
delightful	positive
delighting positive
delight positive
delight positive
delight	positive
delights positive
delinquency negative
delinquency	negative
delinquent negative
delinquent	negative
delirious negative
delirious	negative
delirium negative
delirium	negative
deluded negative
deluded	negative
delude negative
delude	negative
deluge negative
deluge	negative
delusional negative
delusional	negative
delusion negative
delusion	negative
delusions negative
delusions	negative
demand both
demanded negative
demanding negative
demand negative
demands both
demands negative
demeaning negative
demeaning	negative
demean negative
demean	negative
demise negative
demise	negative
democratic positive
demolisher negative
demolisher	negative
demolish negative
demolish	negative
demonic negative
demonic	negative
demonized	negative
demonize negative
demonize	negative
demonizes	negative
demonizing	negative
demon negative
demon	negative
demonstration negative
demoralized negative
demoralize negative
demoralize	negative
demoralizingly negative
demoralizingly	negative
demoralizing negative
demoralizing	negative
demystify positive
denial negative
denial	negative
denied negative
denied	negative
denier negative
deniers negative
denies negative
denies	negative
denigrate negative
denigrate	negative
denounce negative
denounce negative
denounce	negative
denounces negative
dense	negative
dented	negative
dent	negative
dents	negative
denunciate negative
denunciate	negative
denunciation negative
denunciation	negative
denunciations negative
denunciations	negative
denying negative
denying	negative
deny negative
deny negative
deny	negative
dependable positive
dependable	positive
dependably	positive
dependent neutral
deplete negative
deplete	negative
deplorable negative
deplorable	negative
deplorably negative
deplorably	negative
deplore negative
deplore	negative
deploringly negative
deploringly	negative
deploring negative
deploring	negative
depravedly negative
depravedly	negative
depraved negative
depraved	negative
deprave negative
deprave	negative
deprecate negative
deprecate	negative
depressed negative
depressed negative
depressed	negative
depressingly negative
depressingly	negative
depressing negative
depressing negative
depressing	negative
depression negative
depression	negative
depressions	negative
depress negative
depress	negative
deprived negative
deprived	negative
deprive negative
deprive	negative
derailed negative
derail negative
derails negative
derided negative
deride negative
deride negative
deride	negative
derides negative
deriding negative
derision negative
derision negative
derision	negative
derisively negative
derisively	negative
derisive negative
derisive	negative
derisiveness negative
derisiveness	negative
derogatory negative
derogatory	negative
desecrate negative
desecrate	negative
desertion negative
desertion	negative
desert negative
desert	negative
deservedly positive
deservedly	positive
deserved positive
deserve positive
deserving positive
deserving	positive
desiccated negative
desiccated	negative
desiccate negative
desiccate	negative
desirable positive
desirable positive
desirable	positive
desired positive
desire positive
desire positive
desiring	positive
desirous positive
desirous positive
desirous	positive
desititute	negative
desolately negative
desolately	negative
desolate negative
desolate	negative
desolation negative
desolation	negative
despairingly negative
despairingly	negative
despairing negative
despairing negative
despairing	negative
despair negative
despair negative
despair	negative
despairs negative
desperately negative
desperately negative
desperately	negative
desperate negative
desperate negative
desperate	negative
desperation negative
desperation	negative
despicable negative
despicable	negative
despicably negative
despicably	negative
despised negative
despised	negative
despise negative
despise	negative
despite negative
despoiler negative
despoiler	negative
despoil negative
despoil	negative
despondence negative
despondence	negative
despondency negative
despondency	negative
despondently negative
despondently	negative
despondent negative
despondent negative
despondent	negative
despotic negative
despotic	negative
despotism negative
despotism	negative
despot negative
despot	negative
destabilisation negative
destabilisation	negative
destains	negative
destined positive
destine positive
destinies positive
destiny neutral
destiny positive
destiny	positive
destitute negative
destitute	negative
destitution negative
destitution	negative
destroyed negative
destroyer negative
destroyer	negative
destroying negative
destroy negative
destroy negative
destroy	negative
destroys negative
destruction negative
destruction negative
destruction	negative
destructive negative
destructive negative
destructive	negative
desultory negative
desultory	negative
detachable	positive
detached negative
detained negative
detain negative
detention negative
deteriorate negative
deteriorate	negative
deteriorating negative
deteriorating	negative
deterioration negative
deterioration	negative
determination positive
determined positive
deter negative
deter	negative
deterrent negative
deterrent	negative
detestable negative
detestable	negative
detestably negative
detestably	negative
detested	negative
detesting	negative
detest negative
detest	negative
detests	negative
detracted	negative
detracting	negative
detraction negative
detraction	negative
detract negative
detract	negative
detracts	negative
detrimental negative
detrimental	negative
detriment negative
detriment	negative
devastated negative
devastated negative
devastated	negative
devastate negative
devastate negative
devastate	negative
devastates	negative
devastatingly negative
devastatingly	negative
devastating negative
devastating negative
devastating	negative
devastation negative
devastation	negative
deviate negative
deviate	negative
deviation negative
deviation	negative
devilishly negative
devilishly	negative
devilish negative
devilish	negative
devilment negative
devilment	negative
devil negative
devil	negative
devilry negative
devilry	negative
deviously negative
deviously	negative
devious negative
devious	negative
deviousness negative
deviousness	negative
devoid negative
devoid	negative
devoted positive
devoted positive
devotee positive
devote positive
devotion positive
devout positive
devout	positive
dexterity positive
dexterously positive
dexterously	positive
dexterous positive
dexterous	positive
dextrous positive
dextrous	positive
diabolically negative
diabolically	negative
diabolical negative
diabolical	negative
diabolic negative
diabolic	negative
diametrically negative
diametrically	negative
diamond positive
diappointed	negative
diatribe negative
diatribe	negative
diatribes negative
diatribes	negative
dickhead negative
dick negative
dick	negative
dictatorial negative
dictatorial	negative
dictator negative
dictator	negative
died negative
died	negative
die-hard	negative
die negative
die	negative
dies	negative
difference neutral
differ negative
difficulties negative
difficulties	negative
difficult negative
difficult negative
difficult	negative
difficulty negative
difficulty	negative
diffidence negative
diffidence	negative
diffident negative
dig negative
dignified positive
dignified	positive
dignify positive
dignify	positive
dignity positive
dignity	positive
dig positive
digress negative
dilapidated negative
dilapidated	negative
dilemma negative
dilemma negative
dilemma	negative
diligence positive
diligence	positive
diligently positive
diligently	positive
diligent positive
diligent	positive
dilly-dally negative
dilly-dally	negative
diminishing negative
diminish negative
dimmer	negative
dim negative
dim	negative
ding	negative
dings	negative
dinky negative
dinky	negative
din negative
din	negative
diplomacy neutral
diplomatic positive
diplomatic	positive
dipshit negative
direct neutral
direful negative
direly negative
direly	negative
dire negative
dire negative
dire	negative
direness negative
direness	negative
dirtbag	negative
dirtbags	negative
dirt-cheap	positive
dirtier negative
dirtiest negative
dirt negative
dirt negative
dirt	negative
dirts	negative
dirty negative
dirty negative
dirty	negative
disabled negative
disabled	negative
disable negative
disable	negative
disabling negative
disaccord negative
disaccord	negative
disadvantaged negative
disadvantaged negative
disadvantaged	negative
disadvantage negative
disadvantage negative
disadvantage	negative
disadvantageous negative
disadvantageous	negative
disadvantages	negative
disaffected negative
disaffected	negative
disaffect negative
disaffect	negative
disaffirm negative
disaffirm	negative
disagreeable negative
disagreeable	negative
disagreeably negative
disagreeably	negative
disagreed	negative
disagreeing	negative
disagreement negative
disagreement	negative
disagree negative
disagree	negative
disagrees	negative
disallow negative
disallow	negative
disapointed	negative
disapointing	negative
disapointment	negative
disappeared negative
disappear negative
disappears negative
disappointed negative
disappointed negative
disappointed	negative
disappointingly negative
disappointingly	negative
disappointing negative
disappointing negative
disappointing	negative
disappointment negative
disappointment negative
disappointment	negative
disappointments negative
disappointments	negative
disappoint negative
disappoint negative
disappoint	negative
disappoints negative
disappoints	negative
disapprobation negative
disapprobation	negative
disapproval negative
disapproval	negative
disapprove negative
disapprove	negative
disapproving negative
disapproving	negative
disarm negative
disarm	negative
disarray negative
disarray	negative
disaster negative
disaster negative
disaster	negative
disasterous	negative
disasters negative
disastrously negative
disastrously	negative
disastrous negative
disastrous negative
disastrous	negative
disavowal negative
disavowal	negative
disavow negative
disavow	negative
disbelief negative
disbelief	negative
disbelieve negative
disbelieve negative
disbelieve	negative
disbeliever negative
disbeliever	negative
discarded negative
discarding negative
discard negative
discards negative
discerning positive
discern neutral
disclaim negative
disclaim	negative
discombobulate negative
discombobulate	negative
discomfititure negative
discomfititure	negative
discomfit negative
discomfit	negative
discomfort negative
discomfort	negative
discompose negative
discompose	negative
disconcerted negative
disconcerted	negative
disconcertingly negative
disconcertingly	negative
disconcerting negative
disconcerting	negative
disconcert negative
disconcert	negative
disconsolately negative
disconsolately	negative
disconsolate negative
disconsolate negative
disconsolate	negative
disconsolation negative
disconsolation negative
disconsolation	negative
discontentedly negative
discontentedly	negative
discontented negative
discontented negative
discontented	negative
discontent negative
discontent	negative
discontinued	negative
discontinuity negative
discontinuity	negative
discontinuous	negative
discordance negative
discordance	negative
discordant negative
discordant	negative
discord negative
discord negative
discord	negative
discounted negative
discountenance negative
discountenance	negative
discouraged negative
discouragement negative
discouragement	negative
discourage negative
discourage	negative
discouragingly negative
discouragingly	negative
discouraging negative
discouraging	negative
discourteously negative
discourteously	negative
discourteous negative
discourteous	negative
discoutinous	negative
discredited negative
discredit negative
discredit	negative
discreet positive
discrepant negative
discrepant	negative
discretion positive
discriminate negative
discriminate	negative
discriminatingly positive
discriminating positive
discrimination negative
discrimination	negative
discriminatory negative
discriminatory	negative
disdained	negative
disdainfully negative
disdainfully	negative
disdainful negative
disdainful	negative
disdain negative
disdain negative
disdain	negative
diseased negative
disease negative
disfavor negative
disfavor	negative
disgraced negative
disgraced negative
disgraced	negative
disgracefully negative
disgracefully	negative
disgraceful negative
disgraceful	negative
disgrace negative
disgrace negative
disgrace	negative
disgruntled negative
disgruntled	negative
disgruntle negative
disgruntle	negative
disguised negative
disguise negative
disguises negative
disguising negative
disgustedly negative
disgustedly	negative
disgusted negative
disgusted negative
disgusted	negative
disgustfully negative
disgustfully	negative
disgustful negative
disgustful	negative
disgustingly negative
disgustingly	negative
disgusting negative
disgusting negative
disgusting	negative
disgust negative
disgust negative
disgust	negative
disheartened negative
dishearteningly negative
dishearteningly	negative
disheartening negative
disheartening	negative
dishearten negative
dishearten	negative
dishonestly negative
dishonestly	negative
dishonest negative
dishonest negative
dishonest	negative
dishonesty negative
dishonesty	negative
dishonorablely negative
dishonorablely	negative
dishonorable negative
dishonorable	negative
dishonor negative
dishonor	negative
disillusioned negative
disillusioned negative
disillusioned	negative
disillusionment	negative
disillusion negative
disillusion	negative
disillusions	negative
disinclination negative
disinclination	negative
disinclined negative
disinclined negative
disinclined	negative
disingenuously negative
disingenuously	negative
disingenuous negative
disingenuous	negative
disintegrated	negative
disintegrate negative
disintegrate	negative
disintegrates	negative
disintegration negative
disintegration	negative
disinterested negative
disinterested	negative
disinterest negative
disinterest	negative
disjointed negative
disliked	negative
dislike negative
dislike negative
dislike	negative
dislikes	negative
disliking	negative
dislocated negative
dislocated	negative
disloyal negative
disloyal	negative
disloyalty negative
disloyalty	negative
dismally negative
dismally	negative
dismal negative
dismal negative
dismal	negative
dismalness negative
dismalness	negative
dismayed negative
dismayed negative
dismayed	negative
dismayingly negative
dismayingly	negative
dismaying negative
dismaying	negative
dismay negative
dismay	negative
dismissively negative
dismissively	negative
dismissive negative
dismissive	negative
disobedience negative
disobedience	negative
disobedient negative
disobedient	negative
disobey negative
disobey	negative
disoobedient	negative
disordered negative
disordered	negative
disorderly negative
disorderly	negative
disorder negative
disorder negative
disorder	negative
disorganized negative
disorganized negative
disorganized	negative
disoriented negative
disoriented negative
disoriented	negative
disorient negative
disorient	negative
disown negative
disown	negative
disparaged negative
disparage negative
disparage negative
disparage	negative
disparages negative
disparagingly negative
disparagingly	negative
disparaging negative
disparaging negative
disparaging	negative
dispensable negative
dispensable	negative
dispiritedly negative
dispiritedly	negative
dispirited negative
dispirited	negative
dispiriting negative
dispiriting	negative
dispirit negative
dispirit	negative
displaced negative
displaced	negative
displace negative
displace	negative
displeased negative
displeased	negative
displease negative
displease	negative
displeasing negative
displeasing	negative
displeasure negative
displeasure	negative
disposition neutral
disproportionate negative
disproportionate	negative
disprove negative
disprove	negative
disputable negative
disputable	negative
disputed negative
disputed negative
disputed	negative
dispute negative
dispute negative
dispute	negative
disputes negative
disputing negative
disqualified negative
disquietingly negative
disquietingly	negative
disquieting negative
disquieting	negative
disquiet negative
disquiet negative
disquiet	negative
disquietude negative
disquietude	negative
disregarded negative
disregardful negative
disregardful	negative
disregarding negative
disregard negative
disregard negative
disregard	negative
disregards negative
disreputable negative
disreputable	negative
disrepute negative
disrepute	negative
disrespectable negative
disrespectable	negative
disrespectablity negative
disrespectablity	negative
disrespected negative
disrespectfully negative
disrespectfully	negative
disrespectful negative
disrespectful	negative
disrespectfulness negative
disrespectfulness	negative
disrespecting negative
disrespecting	negative
disrespect negative
disrespect negative
disrespect	negative
disruption negative
disruption negative
disruption	negative
disruptions negative
disruptive negative
disruptive negative
disruptive	negative
disrupt negative
disrupt	negative
dissapointed	negative
dissappointed	negative
dissappointing	negative
dissatisfaction negative
dissatisfaction	negative
dissatisfactory negative
dissatisfactory	negative
dissatisfied negative
dissatisfied negative
dissatisfied	negative
dissatisfies	negative
dissatisfying negative
dissatisfying	negative
dissatisfy negative
dissatisfy	negative
dissed	negative
dissemble negative
dissemble	negative
dissembler negative
dissembler	negative
dissension negative
dissension	negative
dissenter negative
dissenter	negative
dissention negative
dissention	negative
dissent negative
dissent	negative
disservice negative
disservice	negative
disses	negative
dissidence negative
dissidence	negative
dissident negative
dissident	negative
dissidents negative
dissidents	negative
dissing	negative
diss	negative
dissocial negative
dissocial	negative
dissolute negative
dissolute	negative
dissolution negative
dissolution	negative
dissonance negative
dissonance	negative
dissonantly negative
dissonantly	negative
dissonant negative
dissonant	negative
dissuade negative
dissuade	negative
dissuasive negative
dissuasive	negative
distains	negative
distastefully negative
distastefully	negative
distasteful negative
distasteful	negative
distaste negative
distaste	negative
distinction positive
distinction	positive
distinctive positive
distinctive	positive
distinctly neutral
distinct positive
distinguished positive
distinguished	positive
distinguish positive
distorted negative
distorted	negative
distorting negative
distortion negative
distortion	negative
distort negative
distort negative
distort	negative
distorts negative
distorts	negative
distracted negative
distracting negative
distracting	negative
distraction negative
distraction negative
distraction	negative
distract negative
distract negative
distract	negative
distracts negative
distraughtly negative
distraughtly	negative
distraught negative
distraught	negative
distraughtness negative
distraughtness	negative
distressed negative
distressed negative
distressed	negative
distresses negative
distressingly negative
distressingly	negative
distressing negative
distressing negative
distressing	negative
distress negative
distress negative
distress	negative
distrustful negative
distrustful negative
distrustful	negative
distrusting negative
distrusting	negative
distrust negative
distrust negative
distrust	negative
disturbance	negative
disturbed-let negative
disturbed negative
disturbed negative
disturbed	negative
disturbingly negative
disturbingly	negative
disturbing negative
disturbing negative
disturbing	negative
disturb negative
disturb negative
disturb	negative
disturbs negative
disunity negative
disunity	negative
disvalue negative
disvalue	negative
dithering negative
divergent negative
divergent	negative
diversified positive
diversified	positive
divided negative
divide negative
divinely positive
divinely	positive
divine positive
divine	positive
division negative
divisively negative
divisively	negative
divisive negative
divisive	negative
divisiveness negative
divisiveness	negative
divorced negative
divorce negative
dizzingly negative
dizzingly	negative
dizzing negative
dizzing	negative
dizzy negative
dizzy negative
dizzy	negative
d*mn	negative
doddering negative
doddering	negative
dodge positive
dodgey negative
dodgey	negative
dodging negative
dodgy negative
does positive
doggedly negative
doggedly	negative
dogged negative
dogged	negative
dogmatic negative
dogmatic	negative
doldrums negative
doldrums	negative
dolorous negative
dominance negative
dominant neutral
dominated	positive
dominate negative
dominate	positive
dominates	positive
domination negative
domineering negative
domineering	negative
domineer negative
domineer	negative
donside	negative
dont positive
doomed negative
doomed	negative
doom negative
doom negative
doom	negative
doomsday negative
doomsday	negative
dope negative
dope	negative
dote positive
dote	positive
dotingly positive
dotingly	positive
doubted negative
doubtfully negative
doubtfully	negative
doubtful negative
doubtful negative
doubtful	negative
doubting negative
doubtless positive
doubtless	positive
doubt negative
doubt negative
doubt	negative
doubts negative
doubts negative
doubts	negative
douchbag	negative
douchebag negative
douchebag	negative
douchebags	negative
douche negative
downbeat negative
downbeat	negative
downcast negative
downcast negative
downcast	negative
downer negative
downer	negative
downfallen negative
downfallen	negative
downfall negative
downfall	negative
downgrade negative
downgrade	negative
downheartedly negative
downheartedly	negative
downhearted negative
downhearted negative
downhearted	negative
downhill	negative
down negative
downright neutral
downside negative
downside negative
downside	negative
downsides	negative
downturn	negative
downturns	negative
drab negative
drab	negative
draconian negative
draconian	negative
draconic negative
draconic	negative
dragged negative
dragged	negative
dragging	negative
drag negative
drag	negative
dragon negative
dragons negative
dragoon negative
dragoon	negative
drags negative
drags	negative
drained negative
drained	negative
draining	negative
drain negative
drain	negative
drains	negative
drama negative
dramatically neutral
dramatic neutral
drastically negative
drastically	negative
drastic negative
drastic	negative
drawback	negative
drawbacks	negative
dreaded negative
dreadfully negative
dreadfully	negative
dreadful negative
dreadful negative
dreadful	negative
dreadfulness negative
dreadfulness	negative
dreading negative
dread negative
dread negative
dread	negative
dreamland positive
dreamland	positive
dream positive
dream positive
dreams positive
dreams positive
dreamy positive
dreary negative
dreary negative
dreary	negative
dripped	negative
dripping	negative
drippy	negative
drips	negative
driven positive
drive positive
drones negative
drones	negative
droop negative
droop	negative
droops	negative
droopy negative
drop negative
drop-out	negative
dropout	negative
drop-outs	negative
dropouts	negative
drought negative
drought	negative
drowned negative
drowning negative
drowning	negative
drown negative
drowns negative
drunkard negative
drunkard	negative
drunken negative
drunken	negative
drunk negative
drunk negative
drunk	negative
dubiously negative
dubiously	negative
dubious negative
dubious negative
dubious	negative
dubitable negative
dubitable	negative
dud negative
dud negative
dud	negative
dullard negative
dullard	negative
dull negative
dull negative
dull	negative
dumbass negative
dumbfounded negative
dumbfounded	positive
dumbfounding	positive
dumbfound negative
dumbfound	negative
dumb negative
dumb negative
dumb	negative
dummy negative
dummy-proof	positive
dumped negative
dumped	negative
dumping	negative
dump negative
dump negative
dump	negative
dumps negative
dumps	negative
dunce negative
dunce	negative
dungeon negative
dungeon	negative
dungeons negative
dungeons	negative
duped negative
dupe negative
dupe negative
dupe	negative
durability positive
durable positive
durable	positive
dust	negative
dusty negative
dusty	negative
duty neutral
dwindle negative
dwindling negative
dwindling	negative
dying negative
dying	negative
dynamic positive
dynamic	positive
dysfunction negative
eagerly positive
eagerly	positive
eagerness positive
eagerness	positive
eager positive
eager positive
eager	positive
earnestly positive
earnestly	positive
earnestness positive
earnestness	positive
earnest positive
earnest positive
earnest	positive
earsplitting negative
earsplitting	negative
eased	positive
ease positive
ease positive
ease	positive
eases	positive
easier positive
easier	positive
easiest positive
easiest	positive
easily positive
easiness positive
easiness	positive
easing	positive
easygoing positive
easygoing	positive
easy positive
easy positive
easy	positive
easy-to-use	positive
ebullience positive
ebullience	positive
ebulliently positive
ebulliently	positive
ebullient positive
ebullient	positive
eccentricity negative
eccentricity	negative
eccentric negative
eccentric	negative
ecenomical	positive
eclectic positive
economical positive
economical	positive
ecstasies positive
ecstasies	positive
ecstasy positive
ecstasy	positive
ecstatically positive
ecstatically	positive
ecstatic positive
ecstatic positive
ecstatic	positive
edgy negative
edify positive
edify	positive
educable positive
educated positive
educated	positive
educational positive
eerie negative
eery negative
effectively neutral
effectively positive
effectively	positive
effectiveness positive
effectiveness	positive
effective positive
effective positive
effective	positive
effectual positive
effectual	positive
efficacious positive
efficacious	positive
efficiency positive
efficiently	positive
efficient positive
efficient	positive
effigy negative
effigy	negative
effortlessly positive
effortlessly	positive
effortless positive
effortless	positive
effrontery negative
effrontery	negative
effusion positive
effusion	positive
effusively positive
effusively	positive
effusiveness positive
effusiveness	positive
effusive positive
effusive	positive
egalitarian positive
egocentric negative
egocentric	negative
egomania negative
egomania	negative
ego negative
egotism negative
egotism	negative
egotistically negative
egotistically	negative
egotistical negative
egotistical	negative
egregiously negative
egregiously	negative
egregious negative
egregious	negative
ejaculate negative
elaborate neutral
elan positive
elan	positive
elatedly positive
elatedly	positive
elated positive
elated positive
elated	positive
elate positive
elate	positive
elation positive
elation positive
elation	positive
election-rigger negative
election-rigger	negative
electrification positive
electrify positive
electrify	positive
elegance positive
elegance	positive
elegantly positive
elegantly positive
elegantly	positive
elegant positive
elegant positive
elegant	positive
elevated positive
elevate positive
elevate	positive
eligible positive
eliminate negative
elimination negative
elimination	negative
elite positive
elite	positive
eloquence positive
eloquence	positive
eloquently positive
eloquently	positive
eloquent positive
eloquent	positive
else neutral
emaciated negative
emaciated	negative
emancipate positive
emasculate negative
emasculate	negative
embarrassed negative
embarrasses negative
embarrassingly negative
embarrassingly	negative
embarrassing negative
embarrassing negative
embarrassing	negative
embarrassment negative
embarrassment negative
embarrassment	negative
embarrass negative
embarrass negative
embarrass	negative
embattled negative
embattled	negative
embellish positive
embittered negative
embodiment neutral
embolden positive
embolden	positive
embrace positive
embrace positive
embroiled negative
embroiled	negative
embroilment negative
embroilment	negative
embroil negative
embroil	negative
emergency negative
emergency	negative
eminence positive
eminence	positive
eminent positive
eminent	positive
emotional negative
emotion neutral
emotions neutral
empathetic positive
empathize negative
empathize	positive
empathy negative
empathy	positive
emphasise neutral
emphatically negative
emphatically	negative
emphatic negative
emphatic	negative
empowerment positive
empowerment	positive
empower positive
empower	positive
emptiness negative
emptiness negative
emptiness	negative
empty negative
empty negative
enable positive
enchanted positive
enchanted positive
enchanted	positive
enchantingly positive
enchantingly	positive
enchanting positive
enchanting	positive
enchant positive
enchant	positive
encouraged positive
encouragement positive
encouragement positive
encouragement	positive
encourage positive
encourage positive
encourage	positive
encourages positive
encouragingly positive
encouragingly	positive
encouraging positive
encouraging	positive
encroachment negative
encroachment	negative
encroach negative
encroach	negative
endanger negative
endanger	negative
endearing positive
endearing	positive
endear positive
endear	positive
endless negative
endorsed positive
endorsed	positive
endorsement positive
endorsement positive
endorsement	positive
endorse positive
endorse positive
endorse	positive
endorser positive
endorses positive
endorses	positive
endorsing	positive
endurable positive
endure positive
enduring positive
enemies negative
enemies negative
enemies	negative
enemy negative
enemy negative
enemy	negative
energetic positive
energetic positive
energetic	positive
energize positive
energize	positive
energy-efficient	positive
energy-saving	positive
enervate negative
enervate	negative
enfeeble negative
enfeeble	negative
enflame negative
enflame	negative
engage neutral
engage positive
engages positive
engaging positive
engaging	positive
engrossed positive
engrossing positive
engrossing	positive
engross neutral
engulf negative
engulf	negative
enhanced positive
enhanced	positive
enhancement positive
enhancement	positive
enhance positive
enhance	positive
enhances	positive
enjoin negative
enjoin	negative
enjoyable positive
enjoyable	positive
enjoyably positive
enjoyably	positive
enjoyed	positive
enjoying positive
enjoying	positive
enjoyment positive
enjoyment	positive
enjoy positive
enjoy positive
enjoy	positive
enjoys positive
enjoys	positive
enlightened positive
enlightening positive
enlightenment positive
enlightenment	positive
enlighten positive
enlighten positive
enlighten	positive
enlightens positive
enliven positive
enliven	positive
enmity negative
enmity	negative
ennoble positive
ennoble	positive
ennui negative
enormities negative
enormity negative
enormously negative
enormous negative
enough neutral
enough	positive
enraged negative
enraged negative
enraged	negative
enrage negative
enrage negative
enrage	negative
enrages negative
enraging negative
enraging	negative
enrapt positive
enrapt	positive
enraptured positive
enraptured	positive
enrapture positive
enrapture positive
enrapture	positive
enrichment positive
enrichment	positive
enrich positive
enrich	positive
enslaved negative
enslave negative
enslave negative
enslave	negative
enslaves negative
ensure positive
ensure positive
ensuring positive
entanglement negative
entanglement	negative
entangle negative
entangle	negative
enterprising positive
enterprising positive
enterprising	positive
entertaining positive
entertaining positive
entertaining	positive
entertain positive
entertain	positive
entertains	positive
enthralled positive
enthralled	positive
enthrall positive
enthrall	positive
enthral positive
enthral positive
enthral	positive
enthuse positive
enthuse	positive
enthusiasm positive
enthusiasm	positive
enthusiastically positive
enthusiastically	positive
enthusiastic positive
enthusiastic positive
enthusiastic	positive
enthusiast positive
enthusiast	positive
enticed	positive
entice positive
entice	positive
enticingly positive
enticingly	positive
enticing positive
enticing	positive
entirely neutral
entire neutral
entitled positive
entranced positive
entranced	positive
entrance positive
entrancing positive
entrancing	positive
entrapment negative
entrapment	negative
entrap negative
entrap	negative
entreatingly positive
entreat positive
entrenchment neutral
entrusted positive
entrust positive
entrust	positive
enviable positive
enviable	positive
enviably positive
enviably	positive
envies negative
enviously negative
enviously	negative
enviously	positive
envious negative
envious negative
envious	negative
enviousness negative
enviousness	negative
enviousness	positive
envious	positive
envision positive
envisions positive
envying negative
envy negative
envy negative
envy	positive
epic positive
epidemic negative
epidemic	negative
epitome positive
equality positive
equitable positive
equitable	positive
equivocal negative
equivocal	negative
eradicate negative
erase negative
erase	negative
ergonomical	positive
erode negative
erode	negative
erodes	negative
erosion negative
erosion	negative
errant negative
errant	negative
erratically negative
erratically	negative
erratic negative
erratic	negative
err-free	positive
err negative
err	negative
erroneously negative
erroneously	negative
erroneous negative
erroneous negative
erroneous	negative
error negative
error negative
error	negative
errors negative
errors	negative
erudite positive
erudite	positive
eruptions	negative
escapade negative
escapade	negative
escape negative
escapes negative
escaping negative
eschew negative
eschew	negative
esoteric negative
especially positive
essential positive
established positive
esteemed positive
esteem positive
estranged negative
estranged	negative
eternal negative
eternity positive
ethical positive
ethical positive
ethical	positive
eulogize positive
eulogize	positive
euphoria positive
euphoria positive
euphoria	positive
euphorically positive
euphorically	positive
euphoric positive
euphoric positive
euphoric	positive
evade negative
evade	negative
evaluate neutral
evaluation neutral
evaluative	positive
evasion negative
evasion	negative
evasive negative
evasive	negative
evenly positive
evenly	positive
even positive
eventful positive
eventful	positive
everlasting positive
everlasting	positive
eviction negative
evidently positive
evident positive
evildoer negative
evildoer	negative
evil negative
evil negative
evil	negative
evils negative
evils	negative
eviscerate negative
eviscerate	negative
evocative positive
evocative	positive
exacerbate negative
exacerbate	negative
exacting negative
exactly neutral
exact neutral
exagerated	negative
exagerate	negative
exagerates	negative
exaggerated negative
exaggerate negative
exaggerate negative
exaggerate	negative
exaggerates negative
exaggerating negative
exaggeration negative
exaggeration	negative
exaltation positive
exaltation	positive
exaltedly positive
exaltedly	positive
exalted positive
exalted	positive
exaltingly positive
exaltingly	positive
exalting positive
exalting	positive
exalt positive
exalt	positive
examplar	positive
examplary	positive
exasperated	negative
exasperated positive
exasperate negative
exasperate	negative
exasperatingly negative
exasperatingly	negative
exasperating negative
exasperating	negative
exasperation negative
exasperation	negative
excallent	positive
exceeded	positive
exceedingly positive
exceedingly	positive
exceeding positive
exceeding	positive
exceed positive
exceed	positive
exceeds	positive
exceled	positive
excelent	positive
excellant	positive
excelled	positive
excellence positive
excellence positive
excellence	positive
excellency positive
excellency	positive
excellently positive
excellently	positive
excellent positive
excellent positive
excellent	positive
excel positive
excel	positive
excels	positive
exceptionally positive
exceptionally	positive
exceptional positive
exceptional	positive
excessively negative
excessively	negative
excessive negative
excessive	negative
excitedly positive
excitedly	positive
excitedness positive
excitedness	positive
excited positive
excited positive
excited	positive
excitement positive
excitement positive
excitement	positive
excite positive
excite positive
excite	positive
excites	positive
excitingly positive
excitingly	positive
exciting positive
exciting positive
exciting	positive
exclaim negative
excluded negative
exclude negative
exclude negative
exclusion negative
exclusion negative
exclusion	negative
exclusively neutral
exclusive positive
exclusive positive
excoriate negative
excoriate	negative
excruciatingly negative
excruciatingly	negative
excruciating negative
excruciating	negative
excusable positive
excuse negative
excuse negative
excuse	negative
excuse positive
excuses negative
excuses	negative
execrate negative
execrate	negative
exellent	positive
exemplar positive
exemplar	positive
exemplary positive
exemplary	positive
exempt negative
exhausted negative
exhausted	negative
exhaustion negative
exhaustion	negative
exhaustively positive
exhaustive positive
exhaust negative
exhaust	negative
exhausts	negative
exhilarated positive
exhilarate positive
exhilarate	positive
exhilarates positive
exhilaratingly positive
exhilaratingly	positive
exhilarating positive
exhilarating positive
exhilarating	positive
exhilaration positive
exhilaration	positive
exhorbitant	negative
exhort negative
exhort	negative
exile negative
exile	negative
exonerated positive
exonerate positive
exonerate positive
exonerate	positive
exonerates positive
exonerating positive
exorbitantance negative
exorbitantance	negative
exorbitantly negative
exorbitantly	negative
exorbitant negative
exorbitant	negative
expand positive
expands positive
expansive positive
expansive	positive
expectation neutral
expediencies negative
expedient negative
expeditiously	positive
expelled negative
expelling negative
expel negative
expel negative
expel	negative
expels negative
expensive negative
expensive	negative
experienced positive
expertly positive
expertly	positive
expert positive
expired	negative
expire negative
expire	negative
explicitly positive
explicit positive
explode negative
explode	negative
exploitation negative
exploitation	negative
exploited negative
exploiting negative
exploit negative
exploit negative
exploit	negative
exploits negative
exploration positive
explorations positive
explosive negative
explosive	negative
exposed negative
exposed negative
expose negative
expose negative
exposes negative
exposing negative
expound neutral
expression neutral
expressions neutral
expressive positive
expropriate negative
expropriate	negative
expropriation negative
expropriation	negative
expulse negative
expulse	negative
expunge negative
expunge	negative
exquisitely positive
exquisitely	positive
exquisite positive
exquisite	positive
extemporize neutral
extend positive
extends positive
extensively neutral
extensive neutral
exterminate negative
exterminate	negative
extermination negative
extermination	negative
extinguish negative
extinguish	negative
extoll positive
extoll	positive
extol positive
extol	positive
extortion negative
extortion	negative
extort negative
extort	negative
extraneous negative
extraneous	negative
extraordinarily positive
extraordinarily	positive
extraordinary positive
extraordinary	positive
extravagance negative
extravagance	negative
extravagantly negative
extravagantly	negative
extravagant negative
extravagant	negative
extremely negative
extreme negative
extremism negative
extremism	negative
extremist negative
extremist	negative
extremists negative
extremists	negative
exuberance positive
exuberance	positive
exuberantly positive
exuberantly	positive
exuberant positive
exuberant positive
exuberant	positive
exultantly positive
exultant positive
exultant	positive
exultation positive
exultation	positive
exultingly positive
exultingly	positive
exult positive
exult	positive
eyebrows neutral
eye-catching	positive
eyecatching	positive
eye-catch	positive
eyecatch	positive
eyesore	negative
fabricate negative
fabricate	negative
fabrication negative
fabrication	negative
fabulously positive
fabulously	positive
fabulous positive
fabulous positive
fabulous	positive
facetiously negative
facetiously	negative
facetious negative
facetious	negative
facilitate positive
facilitate	positive
fact neutral
facts neutral
factual neutral
fading negative
fad negative
faggot negative
faggots negative
fag negative
failed negative
failed	negative
failing negative
failing negative
failing	negative
fail negative
fail negative
fail	negative
fails negative
fails	negative
failure negative
failure negative
failure	negative
failures negative
failures negative
failures	negative
fainthearted negative
fainthearted negative
fainthearted	negative
faint negative
faint	negative
fairly positive
fairly	positive
fairness positive
fairness	positive
fair positive
fair positive
fair	positive
faithfully positive
faithfully	positive
faithfulness positive
faithfulness	positive
faithful positive
faithful positive
faithful	positive
faithless negative
faithless	negative
faith positive
faith positive
faith	positive
fake negative
fake negative
fake	negative
fakes negative
faking negative
fallacies negative
fallacies	negative
fallaciously negative
fallaciously	negative
fallacious negative
fallacious	negative
fallaciousness negative
fallaciousness	negative
fallacy negative
fallacy	negative
fallen negative
fallen	negative
falling negative
falling	negative
fall negative
fall	negative
fallout negative
fallout	negative
falls	negative
falsehood negative
falsehood	negative
falsely negative
falsely	negative
false negative
false	negative
falsified negative
falsify negative
falsify negative
falsify	negative
faltered	negative
falter negative
falter	negative
famed positive
famed	positive
fame positive
fame positive
fame	positive
familiar neutral
famine negative
famine	negative
famished negative
famished	negative
famously positive
famously	positive
famous positive
famous	positive
fanatically negative
fanatically	negative
fanatical negative
fanatical	negative
fanaticism negative
fanaticism	negative
fanatic negative
fanatic	negative
fanatics negative
fanatics	negative
fancier	positive
fanciful negative
fanciful	negative
fancinating	positive
fancy positive
fancy	positive
fanfare positive
fanfare	positive
fan positive
fans	positive
fantastically positive
fantastically	positive
fantastic positive
fantastic positive
fantastic	positive
fantasy positive
farce negative
farce negative
farce	negative
farcically negative
farcically	negative
farcical negative
farcical	negative
farcical-yet-provocative negative
farcical-yet-provocative	negative
far-fetched negative
far-fetched	negative
farfetched negative
farfetched	negative
far-reaching neutral
farsighted positive
fascinated positive
fascinate positive
fascinate positive
fascinate	positive
fascinates positive
fascinatingly positive
fascinatingly	positive
fascinating positive
fascinating positive
fascinating	positive
fascination positive
fascination	positive
fascism negative
fascism	negative
fascist negative
fascist negative
fascist	negative
fascists negative
fashionable positive
fashionable	positive
fashionably positive
fashionably	positive
faster	positive
fastest-growing positive
fastest-growing	positive
fastest	positive
fast-growing positive
fast-growing	positive
fastidiously negative
fastidiously	negative
fastidious negative
fastidious	negative
fast neutral
fast-paced positive
fast-paced	positive
fast	positive
fastuous negative
fastuous	negative
fatalistically negative
fatalistically	negative
fatalistic negative
fatalistic	negative
fatalities negative
fatality negative
fatally negative
fatally	negative
fatal negative
fatal	negative
fat-cat	negative
fatcat	negative
fat-cats	negative
fatcats	negative
fatefully negative
fatefully	negative
fateful negative
fateful	negative
fathomless negative
fathomless	negative
fathom positive
fatigued negative
fatigued	negative
fatigue negative
fatigue negative
fatigue	negative
fatigues negative
fatiguing negative
fatique	negative
fat negative
fat	negative
fatty negative
fatty	negative
fatuity negative
fatuity	negative
fatuously negative
fatuously	negative
fatuous negative
fatuous	negative
faultless	positive
fault negative
fault	negative
faults	negative
faulty negative
faulty	negative
fave	positive
favorable positive
favorable	positive
favored positive
favored positive
favored	positive
favorited positive
favorited	positive
favorite positive
favorite positive
favorite	positive
favorites positive
favor positive
favor positive
favor	positive
favors positive
favour positive
favour	positive
fav	positive
fawn both
fawningly negative
fawningly	negative
faze negative
faze	negative
fearfully negative
fearfully	negative
fearful negative
fearful negative
fearful	negative
fearing negative
fearlessly positive
fearlessly	positive
fearless positive
fearless positive
fearless	positive
fear negative
fear negative
fear	negative
fears negative
fears	negative
fearsome negative
fearsome negative
fearsome	negative
feasible positive
feasible	positive
feasibly positive
feasibly	positive
featly positive
feat positive
feat	positive
feature-rich	positive
fecilitous	positive
feckless negative
feckless	negative
fed positive
feeblely negative
feeblely	negative
feebleminded negative
feebleminded	negative
feeble negative
feeble negative
feeble	negative
feeling neutral
feeling positive
feelings neutral
feel neutral
feels neutral
feign negative
feign	negative
feint negative
feint	negative
feisty positive
feisty	positive
felicitate positive
felicitate	positive
felicitous positive
felicitous	positive
felicity positive
felicity	positive
fell negative
fell	negative
felonies negative
felonious negative
felonious	negative
felon negative
felon	negative
felony negative
felt neutral
ferociously negative
ferociously	negative
ferocious negative
ferocity negative
ferocity	negative
fertile positive
fertile	positive
fervently positive
fervently	positive
fervent positive
fervent positive
fervent	positive
fervidly positive
fervidly	positive
fervid positive
fervid positive
fervid	positive
fervor positive
fervor	positive
festive positive
festive positive
festive	positive
fetid negative
fetid	negative
feverish negative
feverish	negative
fever negative
fever	negative
fevers	negative
fiasco negative
fiasco negative
fiasco	negative
fiat negative
fibber negative
fibber	negative
fib negative
fib	negative
fickle negative
fickle	negative
fictional negative
fictional	negative
fiction negative
fiction	negative
fictitious negative
fictitious	negative
fidelity positive
fidelity	positive
fidget negative
fidget	negative
fidgety negative
fidgety negative
fidgety	negative
fiendish negative
fiendish	negative
fiend negative
fiend	negative
fierce negative
fierce	negative
fiery positive
fiery	positive
fight negative
fight negative
figurehead negative
figurehead	negative
filth negative
filth	negative
filthy negative
filthy	negative
finagle negative
finagle	negative
finally neutral
fine-looking	positive
finely positive
finely	positive
fine negative
fine positive
fine positive
fine	positive
finer	positive
finest	positive
finicky	negative
fired negative
fire negative
firing negative
firmer	positive
firmly neutral
firm neutral
first-class positive
first-class	positive
first-in-class	positive
first-rate positive
first-rate	positive
fissures negative
fissures	negative
fist negative
fist	negative
fitness positive
fit positive
fit positive
fitting positive
fixer neutral
f**k	negative
flabbergasted negative
flabbergasted	negative
flabbergast negative
flabbergast	negative
flagging negative
flagging	negative
flagrantly negative
flagrantly	negative
flagrant negative
flagrant	negative
flagship positive
flair	negative
flair positive
flairs	negative
flake negative
flake	negative
flakey negative
flakey	negative
flakieness	negative
flaking	negative
flak negative
flak	negative
flaky negative
flaky	negative
flame positive
flare	negative
flares	negative
flareup	negative
flareups	negative
flash negative
flashy negative
flashy	positive
flat-out negative
flat-out	negative
flatteringly positive
flatteringly	positive
flattering positive
flattering	positive
flatter positive
flatter	positive
flaunt negative
flaunt	negative
flawed negative
flawed	negative
flawlessly positive
flawlessly	positive
flawless positive
flawless	positive
flaw negative
flaw	negative
flaws negative
flaws	negative
fleed	negative
fleeing	negative
flee	negative
fleer negative
fleer	negative
flees negative
flees	negative
fleeting negative
fleeting	negative
flexibility	positive
flexible positive
flexible	positive
flicering	negative
flickering	negative
flicker	negative
flickers	negative
flighty negative
flighty	negative
flimflam negative
flimflam	negative
flimsy negative
flimsy	negative
flirt negative
flirt	negative
flirty negative
flirty	negative
floored negative
floored	negative
floor neutral
flop negative
flops negative
floundering negative
floundering	negative
flounder negative
flounder	negative
flourishing positive
flourishing	positive
flourish positive
flourish	positive
flout negative
flout	negative
fluent positive
fluent	positive
flu negative
flustered negative
fluster negative
fluster	negative
flutter	positive
focused positive
foe negative
foe	negative
fondly positive
fondly	positive
fondness positive
fondness positive
fondness	positive
fond positive
fond positive
fond	positive
fooled	negative
foolhardy negative
foolhardy	negative
foolishly negative
foolishly	negative
foolish negative
foolish negative
foolish	negative
foolishness negative
foolishness	negative
fool negative
fool negative
fool	negative
foolproof positive
foolproof	positive
fools negative
forbidden negative
forbidden	negative
forbidding negative
forbidding	negative
forbid negative
forbid	negative
forced negative
forceful negative
forceful	negative
force negative
forebodingly negative
forebodingly	negative
foreboding negative
foreboding	negative
foreclosure negative
foreclosures negative
foremost positive
foremost	positive
foresight positive
foresight	positive
foretell neutral
forfeit negative
forfeit	negative
forgave positive
forged negative
forged	negative
forgetfully negative
forgetfully	negative
forgetful negative
forgetful negative
forgetful	negative
forgetfulness negative
forgetfulness	negative
forget negative
forget negative
forgiveness positive
forgiven positive
forgive positive
forgive positive
forgivingly positive
forgiving positive
forgiving positive
forgotten negative
forlornly negative
forlornly	negative
forlorn negative
forlorn	negative
formidable negative
formidable	positive
forsake negative
forsake	negative
forsaken negative
forsaken	negative
forsee neutral
forswear negative
forswear	negative
forthright neutral
fortitude positive
fortitude	positive
fortress neutral
fortuitously positive
fortuitously	positive
fortuitous positive
fortuitous	positive
fortunately positive
fortunately	positive
fortunate positive
fortunate positive
fortunate	positive
fortune positive
fortune	positive
foully negative
foully	negative
foul negative
foul	negative
foulness negative
foulness	negative
fractiously negative
fractiously	negative
fractious negative
fractious	negative
fracture negative
fracture	negative
fragile negative
fragile	negative
fragmented negative
fragmented	negative
fragrant positive
fragrant	positive
frail negative
frail	negative
frankly neutral
frank positive
frantically negative
frantically	negative
franticly negative
franticly	negative
frantic negative
frantic negative
frantic	negative
fraternize negative
fraud negative
fraud negative
fraud	negative
frauds negative
fraudster negative
fraudsters negative
fraudulence negative
fraudulent negative
fraudulent negative
fraudulent	negative
fraught negative
fraught	negative
frazzled negative
frazzled	negative
frazzle negative
frazzle	negative
freaking	negative
freakishly negative
freakishly	negative
freakish negative
freakish	negative
freak negative
freak	negative
freaks	negative
freedom positive
freedom positive
freedom	positive
freedoms positive
freedoms	positive
freed	positive
free positive
free positive
free	positive
freeze	negative
freezes	negative
freezing	negative
frenetically negative
frenetically	negative
frenetic negative
frenetic	negative
frenzied negative
frenzied	negative
frenzy negative
frenzy negative
frenzy	negative
frequent neutral
fresher	positive
freshest	positive
fresh positive
fresh positive
fresh	positive
fretful negative
fretful	negative
fret negative
fret	negative
frets	negative
friction negative
friction	negative
frictions negative
frictions	negative
fried	negative
friendliness positive
friendliness	positive
friendly positive
friendly positive
friendly	positive
friend positive
friendship positive
friends positive
frigging	negative
friggin negative
friggin	negative
frightened negative
frighteningly negative
frighteningly	negative
frightening negative
frightening negative
frightening	negative
frighten negative
frighten	negative
frightfully negative
frightfully	negative
frightful negative
frightful	negative
fright negative
fright negative
fright	negative
frigid negative
frigid	negative
frikin negative
frisky positive
frivolous negative
frolic positive
frolic	positive
frost	negative
frowning negative
frown negative
frown	negative
froze	negative
frozen negative
frozen	negative
frugal	positive
fruitful positive
fruitful	positive
fruitlessly negative
fruitlessly	negative
fruitless negative
fruitless	negative
frustrated negative
frustrated negative
frustrated	negative
frustrate negative
frustrate negative
frustrate	negative
frustrates negative
frustrates	negative
frustratingly negative
frustratingly	negative
frustrating negative
frustrating negative
frustrating	negative
frustration negative
frustration negative
frustration	negative
frustrations	negative
ftw positive
ftw	positive
fucked negative
fucker negative
fuckers negative
fuckface negative
fuckhead negative
fucking negative
fucking	negative
fuck negative
fuck	negative
fucktard negative
fudge negative
fudge	negative
fud negative
fugitive negative
fugitive	negative
fuked negative
fuking negative
fulfilled positive
fulfillment positive
fulfillment	positive
fulfill positive
fulfills positive
full-blown negative
full-blown	negative
full-fledged positive
full neutral
full-scale neutral
fully neutral
fulminate negative
fulminate	negative
fumble negative
fumble	negative
fume negative
fume	negative
fumes	negative
fuming negative
functional positive
fundamentalism negative
fundamentalism	negative
fundamentally neutral
fundamental neutral
funded neutral
funeral negative
funerals negative
funky	negative
funky positive
fun negative
funnier positive
funnily	negative
funny	negative
funny positive
funny positive
fun positive
fun positive
fun	positive
furiously negative
furiously	negative
furious negative
furious negative
furious	negative
furor negative
furor	negative
furthermore neutral
further neutral
fury negative
fury	negative
fuss negative
fuss	negative
fussy negative
fussy	negative
fustigate negative
fustigate	negative
fusty negative
fusty	negative
futilely negative
futilely	negative
futile negative
futile	negative
futile positive
futility negative
futility	negative
futurestic	positive
futuristic	positive
fuzzy negative
fuzzy	negative
gabble negative
gabble	negative
gaffe negative
gaffe	negative
gaff negative
gaff	negative
gaga negative
gagged negative
gaggle negative
gag negative
gaiety positive
gaiety	positive
gaily positive
gaily	positive
gained positive
gained	positive
gainfully positive
gainfully	positive
gainful positive
gainful	positive
gaining positive
gaining	positive
gain positive
gain positive
gain	positive
gainsayer negative
gainsayer	negative
gainsay negative
gainsay	negative
gains positive
gains	positive
gallantly positive
gallantly positive
gallantly	positive
gallant positive
gallant positive
gallant	positive
gallantry positive
gallingly negative
gallingly	negative
galling negative
galling	negative
gall negative
gall	negative
galls	negative
galore positive
galore	positive
galvanize neutral
gamble negative
game negative
gangster	negative
gape negative
gape	negative
garbage negative
garbage	negative
garish negative
garish	negative
gasp negative
gasp	negative
gauche negative
gauche	negative
gaudy negative
gaudy	negative
gawk negative
gawk	negative
gawky negative
gawky	negative
geekier	positive
geeky	positive
geezer negative
geezer	negative
gem positive
gem	positive
gems positive
gems	positive
generosity positive
generosity	positive
generously positive
generously	positive
generous positive
generous positive
generous	positive
genial positive
genial positive
genial	positive
genius positive
genius	positive
genocide negative
genocide	negative
gentle positive
gentle	positive
gentlest	positive
genuine positive
genuine	positive
germane positive
gestures neutral
get-rich negative
get-rich	negative
ghastly negative
ghastly	negative
ghetto negative
ghetto	negative
ghosting	negative
ghost negative
giant neutral
giants neutral
gibberish negative
gibberish	negative
gibber negative
gibber	negative
gibe negative
gibe	negative
giddy negative
giddy	negative
giddy positive
gifted positive
gifted	positive
gift positive
gigantic neutral
gimmicked	negative
gimmicking	negative
gimmick	negative
gimmicks	negative
gimmicky	negative
gladden positive
gladden	positive
gladly positive
gladly	positive
gladness positive
gladness	positive
glad positive
glad positive
glad	positive
glamorous positive
glamorous positive
glamorous	positive
glamourous positive
glare negative
glare	negative
glaringly negative
glaringly	negative
glaring negative
glean neutral
gleefully positive
gleefully	positive
gleeful positive
gleeful positive
gleeful	positive
glee positive
glee positive
glee	positive
glibly negative
glibly	negative
glib negative
glib	negative
glimmering positive
glimmering	positive
glimmer positive
glimmer	positive
glistening positive
glistening	positive
glisten positive
glisten	positive
glitches	negative
glitch negative
glitch	negative
glitter positive
glitter	positive
glitz	positive
gloat both
gloatingly negative
gloatingly	negative
gloom negative
gloom negative
gloom	negative
gloomy negative
gloomy negative
gloomy	negative
glorify positive
glorify	positive
gloriously positive
gloriously	positive
glorious positive
glorious positive
glorious	positive
glory positive
glory positive
glory	positive
gloss negative
glossy positive
glower negative
glower	negative
glowingly positive
glowingly	positive
glowing positive
glowing	positive
glow positive
glow	positive
glum negative
glum negative
glum	negative
glut negative
glut	negative
gnawing negative
gnawing	negative
goading negative
goading	negative
goad negative
goad	negative
go-ahead positive
god-awful negative
god-awful	negative
goddam negative
goddamn negative
goddamn negative
god-given positive
god-given	positive
godlike positive
godlike	positive
god positive
god-send	positive
godsend positive
godsend	positive
golden positive
golden	positive
gold positive
gold	positive
goodly positive
goodly	positive
goodness positive
goodness positive
goodness	positive
good positive
good positive
good	positive
goodwill positive
goodwill	positive
goof negative
goof	negative
goofy	negative
goon	negative
goood	positive
gooood	positive
gorgeously positive
gorgeously	positive
gorgeous positive
gorgeous	positive
gossip negative
gossip	negative
gracefully positive
gracefully	positive
graceful positive
graceful	positive
gracelessly negative
gracelessly	negative
graceless negative
graceless	negative
grace positive
grace positive
grace	positive
graciously positive
graciously	positive
graciousness positive
graciousness	positive
gracious positive
gracious positive
gracious	positive
graft negative
graft	negative
grail positive
grainy	negative
grandeur positive
grandeur	positive
grandiose negative
grand positive
grand positive
grand	positive
granted positive
granting positive
grant positive
grants positive
grapple negative
grapple	negative
gratefully positive
gratefully	positive
grateful positive
grateful positive
grateful	positive
grate negative
grate	negative
gratification positive
gratification positive
gratification	positive
gratified	positive
gratifies	positive
gratifyingly positive
gratifyingly	positive
gratifying positive
gratifying	positive
gratify positive
gratify	positive
grating negative
grating	negative
gratitude positive
gratitude	positive
gratuitously negative
gratuitous negative
gravely negative
gravely	negative
grave negative
grave negative
gray negative
greasy	negative
greater positive
greatest positive
greatest positive
greatest	positive
greatly neutral
greatness positive
greatness	positive
great positive
great positive
great	positive
greed negative
greed negative
greed	negative
greedy negative
greedy negative
greedy	negative
green positive
green positive
greenwasher negative
greenwashers negative
greenwashing negative
greenwash negative
greeted positive
greeting positive
greetings positive
greet positive
greet positive
greets positive
grey negative
grief negative
grief negative
grief	negative
grievance negative
grievance	negative
grievances negative
grievances	negative
grieved negative
grieve negative
grieve	negative
grieving negative
grieving	negative
grievously negative
grievously	negative
grievous negative
grievous	negative
grill negative
grimace negative
grimace	negative
grim negative
grim	negative
grind negative
grind	negative
grin positive
grin	positive
gripe negative
gripe	negative
gripes	negative
grisly negative
grisly	negative
grit positive
gritty negative
gritty	negative
groove positive
grossly negative
grossly	negative
gross negative
gross negative
gross	negative
grotesque negative
grotesque	negative
grouch negative
grouch	negative
grouchy negative
grouchy	negative
groundbreaking positive
groundbreaking	positive
groundless negative
groundless	negative
grouse negative
grouse	negative
growing neutral
growing positive
growl negative
growl	negative
growth positive
grudge negative
grudge	negative
grudges negative
grudges	negative
grudgingly negative
grudgingly	negative
grudging negative
grudging	negative
gruesomely negative
gruesomely	negative
gruesome negative
gruesome	negative
gruff negative
gruff	negative
grumble negative
grumble	negative
grumpier	negative
grumpiest	negative
grumpily	negative
grumpish	negative
grumpy	negative
guarantee positive
guarantee positive
guarantee	positive
guardian positive
guidance positive
guidance	positive
guile negative
guile	negative
guiltily negative
guiltily	negative
guiltless positive
guiltless	positive
guilt negative
guilt negative
guilt	negative
guilty negative
guilty negative
guilty	negative
gullibility negative
gullible negative
gullible negative
gullible	negative
gumption positive
gumption	positive
gun negative
gush positive
gush	positive
gusto positive
gusto	positive
gutless	negative
gutsy positive
gutsy	positive
gutter	negative
hacked negative
hack	negative
hacks	negative
haggard negative
haggard	negative
haggle negative
haggle	negative
hahahah positive
hahaha positive
haha positive
hailed positive
hail positive
hail positive
hail	positive
hairloss	negative
halcyon positive
halcyon	positive
hale positive
hale	positive
halfheartedly negative
halfheartedly	negative
halfhearted negative
halfhearted	negative
halfway neutral
hallmark	positive
hallmarks	positive
hallowed positive
hallowed	positive
hallucinate negative
hallucinate	negative
hallucination negative
hallucination	negative
halt neutral
hampered	negative
hamper negative
hamper	negative
hamstring negative
hamstrung negative
handicapped negative
handicapped	negative
handier	positive
handily positive
handily	positive
hands-down	positive
handsomely	positive
handsome positive
handsome	positive
handy positive
handy	positive
hang	negative
hangs	negative
hanker positive
haphazard negative
haphazard	negative
hapless negative
hapless negative
hapless	negative
haplessness negative
ha positive
happier	positive
happily positive
happily	positive
happiness positive
happiness positive
happiness	positive
happy positive
happy positive
happy	positive
harangue negative
harangue	negative
harassed	negative
harasses	negative
harassment negative
harassment	negative
harass negative
harass	negative
harboring negative
harboring	negative
harbors negative
harbors	negative
hardball negative
hardball	negative
hardened negative
hardened	negative
harden negative
harden	negative
hardheaded negative
hardheaded	negative
hardhearted negative
hardhearted	negative
hard-hit negative
hard-hit	negative
hardier positive
hardier positive
hardier	positive
hard-line negative
hard-line	negative
hard-liner negative
hard-liner	negative
hardliner negative
hardliner	negative
hardliners negative
hardliners	negative
hardly negative
hard negative
hard negative
hard	negative
hardship negative
hardship negative
hardship	negative
hardships negative
hardships	negative
hard-working positive
hard-working	positive
hardy positive
hardy positive
hardy	positive
harmed negative
harmed	negative
harmful negative
harmful negative
harmful	negative
harming negative
harmless positive
harmless	positive
harm negative
harm negative
harm	negative
harmoniously positive
harmoniously	positive
harmonious positive
harmonious	positive
harmonize positive
harmonize	positive
harmony positive
harmony	positive
harms negative
harms negative
harms	negative
harpy negative
harpy	negative
harridan negative
harridan	negative
harried negative
harried negative
harried	negative
harrow negative
harrow	negative
harsher negative
harshest negative
harshly negative
harshly	negative
harsh negative
harsh negative
harsh	negative
hasseling	negative
hassled	negative
hassle negative
hassle	negative
hassles	negative
haste negative
haste	negative
hastily	negative
hasty negative
hasty	negative
hated negative
hated	negative
hatefully negative
hatefully	negative
hateful negative
hateful	negative
hatefulness negative
hatefulness	negative
hate negative
hate negative
hate	negative
hater negative
hater	negative
haters negative
haters	negative
hates negative
hates	negative
hating negative
hating	negative
hatred negative
hatred	negative
haughtily negative
haughtily	negative
haughty negative
haughty	negative
haunted negative
haunting negative
haunting	negative
haunting positive
haunt negative
haunt negative
haunt	negative
haunts negative
haven positive
havoc negative
havoc negative
havoc	negative
hawkish negative
hawkish	negative
haywire	negative
hazard negative
hazard	negative
hazardous negative
hazardous	negative
haze	negative
hazy negative
hazy	negative
headache negative
headache	negative
head-aches	negative
headaches negative
headaches	negative
headway positive
headway	positive
heady positive
heal positive
heal	positive
healthful positive
healthful	positive
healthy positive
healthy positive
healthy	positive
heartbreaker negative
heartbreaker	negative
heartbreakingly negative
heartbreakingly	negative
heartbreaking negative
heartbreaking negative
heartbreaking	negative
heartbreak negative
heartbroken negative
heartening positive
heartening	positive
hearten positive
hearten	positive
heartfelt positive
heartfelt positive
heartfelt	positive
heartily positive
heartily	positive
heartless negative
heartless	negative
heart positive
heartrending negative
heartwarming positive
heartwarming	positive
heathen negative
heathen	negative
heavenly positive
heavenly positive
heavenly	positive
heaven positive
heaven positive
heaven	positive
heavily negative
heavy-duty neutral
heavy-handed negative
heavy-handed	negative
heavyhearted negative
heavyhearted negative
heavyhearted	negative
heckled	negative
heckle negative
heckle	negative
heckles	negative
heck negative
heck	negative
hectic negative
hectic	negative
hedge negative
hedge	negative
hedonistic negative
hedonistic	negative
heedless negative
heedless	negative
hefty	negative
hefty neutral
hegemonism negative
hegemonism	negative
hegemonistic negative
hegemonistic	negative
hegemony negative
hegemony	negative
heinous negative
heinous	negative
hell-bent negative
hell-bent	negative
hellion negative
hellion	negative
hell negative
hell negative
hell	negative
hells	negative
helped	positive
helpful positive
helpful positive
helpful	positive
helping positive
helping	positive
helplessly negative
helplessly	negative
helpless negative
helpless negative
helpless	negative
helplessness negative
helplessness	negative
help positive
help positive
helps positive
herald positive
heresy negative
heresy	negative
heretical negative
heretical	negative
heretic negative
heretic	negative
heroes positive
heroically positive
heroically	positive
heroic positive
heroic positive
heroic	positive
heroine positive
heroine	positive
heroize positive
heroize	positive
hero positive
hero positive
hero	positive
heros positive
heros	positive
hesitant negative
hesitant negative
hesitant	negative
hesitate negative
hestitant	negative
hide negative
hideously negative
hideously	negative
hideous negative
hideous	negative
hideousness negative
hideousness	negative
hides negative
hiding negative
hid negative
highlight positive
highlight positive
high neutral
high-powered neutral
high-priced	negative
high-quality positive
high-quality	positive
high-spirited	positive
hilariously positive
hilariousness positive
hilarious positive
hilarious positive
hilarious	positive
hilarity positive
hiliarious	negative
hinder negative
hinder	negative
hindrance negative
hindrance negative
hindrance	negative
hissed	negative
hissing	negative
hiss	negative
historic positive
hmm neutral
hm neutral
hoard negative
hoard	negative
hoax negative
hoax negative
hoax	negative
hobble negative
hobble	negative
hogs	negative
ho-hum	negative
hole negative
hollow negative
hollow	negative
holy positive
holy	positive
homage positive
homage	positive
homesick negative
honestly positive
honest positive
honest positive
honest	positive
honesty positive
honesty	positive
honeymoon positive
honorable positive
honorable	positive
honored positive
honored	positive
honoring positive
honoring	positive
honor positive
honor positive
honor	positive
honoured positive
honouring positive
honour positive
hoodium	negative
hoodwink negative
hoodwink	negative
hooliganism negative
hooligan negative
hooligan	negative
hooligans negative
hooray	positive
hopefully positive
hopefully positive
hopefulness positive
hopeful positive
hopeful positive
hopeful	positive
hopelessly negative
hopelessly	negative
hopeless negative
hopeless negative
hopeless	negative
hopelessness negative
hopelessness negative
hopelessness	negative
hope positive
hope positive
hopes positive
hopes positive
hoping positive
horde negative
horde	negative
horrendously negative
horrendously	negative
horrendous negative
horrendous negative
horrendous	negative
horrible negative
horrible negative
horrible	negative
horribly negative
horrid negative
horrid	negative
horrifically negative
horrific negative
horrific negative
horrific	negative
horrified negative
horrified	negative
horrifies	negative
horrifyingly negative
horrifying negative
horrifying	negative
horrify negative
horrify	negative
horrifys	negative
horror negative
horrors negative
hospitable positive
hospitable	positive
hostage negative
hostage	negative
hostile negative
hostile negative
hostile	negative
hostilities negative
hostilities	negative
hostility negative
hostility	negative
hotbeds negative
hotbeds	negative
hotcake	positive
hotcakes	positive
hotheaded negative
hotheaded	negative
hothead negative
hothead	negative
hothouse negative
hothouse	negative
hot positive
hot	positive
hottest	positive
however neutral
hubris negative
hubris	negative
huckster negative
huckster negative
huckster	negative
huge neutral
huge positive
hug positive
hug positive
hug	positive
hugs positive
humane positive
humane	positive
humanists positive
humanity positive
humankind positive
humble positive
humble	positive
humbling negative
humerous positive
humid	negative
humiliated negative
humiliate negative
humiliate	negative
humiliating negative
humiliating	negative
humiliation negative
humiliation negative
humiliation	negative
humility positive
humility	positive
humming	negative
hum	negative
humorously positive
humorously	positive
humorous positive
humorous positive
humorous	positive
humor positive
humor positive
humor	positive
humourous positive
humourous positive
humourous	positive
humour positive
humour positive
humour	positive
hunger negative
hunger negative
hung	negative
hungry negative
hurrah positive
hurted	negative
hurtful negative
hurtful	negative
hurting negative
hurting	negative
hurt negative
hurt negative
hurt	negative
hurts negative
hurts	negative
hustler negative
hustler	negative
hype	negative
hypnotize neutral
hypocricy	negative
hypocrisy negative
hypocrisy	negative
hypocrite negative
hypocrite	negative
hypocrites negative
hypocrites	negative
hypocritically negative
hypocritically	negative
hypocritical negative
hypocritical negative
hypocritical	negative
hysteria negative
hysteria negative
hysteria	negative
hysterically negative
hysterically	negative
hysterical negative
hysterical negative
hysterical	negative
hysteric negative
hysteric	negative
hysterics negative
hysterics negative
hysterics	negative
icy negative
idealism positive
idealist positive
idealize positive
idealize	positive
ideally positive
ideally	positive
ideal positive
ideal	positive
idea neutral
idiocies negative
idiocies	negative
idiocy negative
idiocy	negative
idiotically negative
idiotically	negative
idiotic negative
idiotic negative
idiotic	negative
idiot negative
idiot negative
idiot	negative
idiots negative
idiots	negative
idle negative
idle	negative
idolized positive
idolized	positive
idolize positive
idolize	positive
idol positive
idol	positive
idyllic positive
idyllic	positive
ignite neutral
ignoble negative
ignoble	negative
ignominiously negative
ignominiously	negative
ignominious negative
ignominious	negative
ignominy negative
ignominy	negative
ignorance negative
ignorance negative
ignorance	negative
ignorant negative
ignorant negative
ignorant	negative
ignored negative
ignore negative
ignore negative
ignore	negative
ignores negative
ill-advised negative
ill-advised	negative
ill-conceived negative
ill-conceived	negative
ill-defined	negative
ill-designed	negative
illegally negative
illegally	negative
illegal negative
illegal negative
illegal	negative
illegitimate negative
illegitimate	negative
ill-fated negative
ill-fated	negative
ill-favored negative
ill-favored	negative
ill-formed	negative
illicit negative
illicit	negative
illiquid negative
illiteracy negative
illiterate negative
illiterate	negative
ill-mannered negative
ill-mannered	negative
ill-natured negative
ill-natured	negative
ill negative
ill negative
illnesses negative
illness negative
illness negative
illness	negative
illogically negative
illogically	negative
illogical negative
illogical	negative
illogic negative
illogic	negative
ill-sorted negative
ill-sorted	negative
ill-tempered negative
ill-tempered	negative
ill-treated negative
ill-treated	negative
ill-treatment negative
ill-treatment	negative
illuminate positive
illuminate	positive
illuminating positive
illuminating	positive
illuminati positive
illuminati	positive
illumine positive
illumine	positive
ill-usage negative
ill-usage	negative
ill-used negative
ill-used	negative
illusion negative
illusion	negative
illusions negative
illusions	negative
illusory negative
illusory	negative
illustrious positive
illustrious	positive
ilu	positive
imaculate	positive
imaginary negative
imaginary	negative
imagination neutral
imaginative positive
imaginative	positive
imagine neutral
imbalance negative
imbalance	negative
imbecile negative
imbecile negative
imbecile	negative
imbroglio negative
imbroglio	negative
immaculately positive
immaculately	positive
immaculate positive
immaculate	positive
immaterial negative
immaterial	negative
immature negative
immature	negative
immediately neutral
immediate neutral
immensely neutral
immense neutral
immense	positive
immensity neutral
immensurable neutral
imminence negative
imminence	negative
imminently negative
imminently	negative
imminent negative
immobilized negative
immobilized negative
immobilized	negative
immoderately negative
immoderately	negative
immoderate negative
immoderate	negative
immodest negative
immodest	negative
immorality negative
immorality	negative
immorally negative
immorally	negative
immoral negative
immoral	negative
immortal positive
immovable negative
immovable	negative
immune neutral
immune positive
impaired negative
impaired	negative
impair negative
impair	negative
impartiality positive
impartiality	positive
impartially positive
impartially	positive
impartial positive
impartial	positive
impasse negative
impasse	negative
impassioned positive
impassioned	positive
impassive ive
impatience negative
impatience	negative
impatiently negative
impatiently	negative
impatient negative
impatient negative
impatient	negative
impeach negative
impeach	negative
impeccable positive
impeccable	positive
impeccably positive
impeccably	positive
impedance negative
impedance	negative
impede negative
impede	negative
impediment negative
impediment	negative
impel positive
impending negative
impending	negative
impenitent negative
impenitent	negative
imperatively neutral
imperative neutral
imperfection	negative
imperfections	negative
imperfectly negative
imperfectly	negative
imperfect negative
imperfect negative
imperfect	negative
imperialist negative
imperialist	negative
imperial positive
imperil negative
imperil	negative
imperiously negative
imperiously	negative
imperious negative
imperious	negative
impermissible negative
impermissible	negative
impersonal negative
impersonal	negative
impertinent negative
impertinent	negative
imperturbable positive
impervious positive
impetuously negative
impetuously	negative
impetuous negative
impetuous	negative
impetus positive
impiety negative
impiety	negative
impinge negative
impinge	negative
impious negative
impious	negative
implacable negative
implacable	negative
implausible negative
implausible	negative
implausibly negative
implausibly	negative
implicate negative
implicate	negative
implication negative
implication	negative
implicit neutral
implode negative
implode	negative
implore both
imploring both
imploringly both
imply neutral
impolitely negative
impolitely	negative
impolite negative
impolite	negative
impolitic negative
impolitic	negative
importance positive
importance positive
importantly positive
important positive
important positive
important	positive
importunate negative
importunate	negative
importune negative
importune	negative
imposed negative
impose negative
impose negative
impose	negative
imposers negative
imposers	negative
imposes negative
imposing negative
imposing negative
imposing	negative
imposition negative
imposition	negative
impossible negative
impossible	negative
impossiblity negative
impossiblity	negative
impossibly negative
impossibly	negative
impotent negative
impotent negative
impotent	negative
impoverished negative
impoverished	negative
impoverish negative
impoverish	negative
impractical negative
impractical	negative
imprecate negative
imprecate	negative
imprecisely negative
imprecisely	negative
imprecise negative
imprecise	negative
imprecision negative
imprecision	negative
impregnable positive
impressed positive
impressed	positive
impresses positive
impresses	positive
impression positive
impressions positive
impressively positive
impressively	positive
impressiveness positive
impressiveness	positive
impressive positive
impressive positive
impressive	positive
impress positive
impress positive
impress	positive
imprisoned negative
imprisonment negative
imprisonment	negative
imprison negative
imprison	negative
improbability negative
improbability	negative
improbable negative
improbable	negative
improbably negative
improbably	negative
improperly negative
improperly	negative
improper negative
improper	negative
impropriety negative
impropriety	negative
improved positive
improved positive
improved	positive
improvement positive
improvement positive
improvement	positive
improvements	positive
improve positive
improve positive
improve	positive
improves positive
improves	positive
improving positive
improving positive
improving	positive
improvise positive
imprudence negative
imprudence	negative
imprudent negative
imprudent	negative
impudence negative
impudence	negative
impudently negative
impudently	negative
impudent negative
impudent	negative
impugn negative
impugn	negative
impulsively negative
impulsively	negative
impulsive negative
impulsive	negative
impunity negative
impunity	negative
impure negative
impure	negative
impurity negative
impurity	negative
inability negative
inability negative
inability	negative
inaccessible negative
inaccuracies negative
inaccuracies	negative
inaccuracy negative
inaccuracy	negative
inaccurately negative
inaccurately	negative
inaccurate negative
inaccurate	negative
inaction negative
inaction negative
inaction	negative
inactive negative
inactive	negative
inadequacy negative
inadequacy	negative
inadequately negative
inadequately	negative
inadequate negative
inadequate negative
inadequate	negative
inadverently negative
inadverently	negative
inadverent negative
inadverent	negative
inadvisable negative
inadvisable	negative
inadvisably negative
inadvisably	negative
inalienable positive
inanely negative
inanely	negative
inane negative
inane	negative
inappropriately negative
inappropriately	negative
inappropriate negative
inappropriate	negative
inaptitude negative
inaptitude	negative
inapt negative
inapt	negative
inarguable neutral
inarguably neutral
inarticulate negative
inarticulate	negative
inattentive negative
inattentive	negative
inaudible	negative
incapable negative
incapable negative
incapable	negative
incapably negative
incapably	negative
incapacitated negative
incautious negative
incautious	negative
incendiary negative
incendiary	negative
incensed negative
incense negative
incense	negative
incessantly negative
incessantly	negative
incessant negative
incessant	negative
incisively positive
incisiveness positive
incisive positive
incitement negative
incitement	negative
incite negative
incite	negative
incivility negative
incivility	negative
inclement negative
inclement	negative
inclination positive
inclinations positive
inclined positive
inclusive positive
incognizant negative
incognizant	negative
incoherence negative
incoherence	negative
incoherently negative
incoherently	negative
incoherent negative
incoherent	negative
incommensurate negative
incommensurate	negative
incomparable negative
incomparable	negative
incomparably negative
incomparably	negative
incompatability	negative
incompatibility negative
incompatibility	negative
incompatible negative
incompatible	negative
incompetence negative
incompetence negative
incompetence	negative
incompetently negative
incompetently	negative
incompetent negative
incompetent negative
incompetent	negative
incomplete negative
incomplete	negative
incompliant negative
incompliant	negative
incomprehensible negative
incomprehensible	negative
incomprehension negative
incomprehension	negative
inconceivable negative
inconceivable	negative
inconceivably negative
inconceivably	negative
inconclusive negative
incongruously negative
incongruously	negative
incongruous negative
incongruous	negative
inconsequentially negative
inconsequentially	negative
inconsequential negative
inconsequential	negative
inconsequently negative
inconsequently	negative
inconsequent negative
inconsequent	negative
inconsiderately negative
inconsiderately	negative
inconsiderate negative
inconsiderate negative
inconsiderate	negative
inconsistence negative
inconsistence	negative
inconsistencies negative
inconsistencies	negative
inconsistency negative
inconsistency	negative
inconsistent negative
inconsistent	negative
inconsolable negative
inconsolable	negative
inconsolably negative
inconsolably	negative
inconstant negative
inconstant	negative
incontestable positive
incontrovertible positive
inconvenience negative
inconvenience negative
inconvenience	negative
inconveniently negative
inconveniently	negative
inconvenient negative
inconvenient negative
incorrectly negative
incorrectly	negative
incorrect negative
incorrect	negative
incorrigible negative
incorrigible	negative
incorrigibly negative
incorrigibly	negative
incorruptible positive
increased positive
increase positive
increasingly neutral
increasing neutral
incredible positive
incredible	positive
incredibly positive
incredibly	positive
incredulously negative
incredulously	negative
incredulous negative
incredulous	negative
inculcate negative
inculcate	negative
indebted positive
indebted	positive
indecency negative
indecency	negative
indecently negative
indecently	negative
indecent negative
indecent	negative
indecision negative
indecision	negative
indecisively negative
indecisively	negative
indecisive negative
indecisive negative
indecisive	negative
indecorum negative
indecorum	negative
indeed neutral
indefatigable positive
indefensible negative
indefensible	negative
indefinitely negative
indefinite negative
indelible positive
indelibly positive
indelicate negative
indelicate	negative
independence positive
independent positive
indescribable positive
indescribably positive
indestructible positive
indestructible positive
indeterminable negative
indeterminable	negative
indeterminably negative
indeterminably	negative
indeterminate negative
indeterminate	negative
indication neutral
indicative neutral
indifference negative
indifference negative
indifference	negative
indifferent negative
indifferent negative
indifferent	negative
indigent negative
indigent	negative
indignantly negative
indignantly	negative
indignant negative
indignant negative
indignant	negative
indignation negative
indignation negative
indignation	negative
indignity negative
indignity	negative
indirect neutral
indiscernible negative
indiscernible	negative
indiscreetly negative
indiscreetly	negative
indiscreet negative
indiscreet	negative
indiscretion negative
indiscretion	negative
indiscriminately negative
indiscriminately	negative
indiscriminate negative
indiscriminate	negative
indiscriminating negative
indiscriminating	negative
indispensability positive
indispensable positive
indisposed negative
indisputable positive
indistinctive negative
indistinct negative
indistinguishable	negative
individuality positive
individualized	positive
indoctrinated negative
indoctrinate negative
indoctrinate negative
indoctrinate	negative
indoctrinates negative
indoctrinating negative
indoctrination negative
indoctrination	negative
indolent negative
indolent	negative
indomitable positive
indomitably positive
indubitable positive
indubitably positive
indulgence positive
indulgence	positive
indulge negative
indulge	negative
indulgent positive
indulgent	positive
industrious positive
industrious	positive
ineffectively negative
ineffectively negative
ineffectively	negative
ineffective negative
ineffective negative
ineffective	negative
ineffectiveness negative
ineffectiveness	negative
ineffectually negative
ineffectually	negative
ineffectual negative
ineffectual	negative
ineffectualness negative
ineffectualness	negative
inefficacious negative
inefficacious	negative
inefficacy negative
inefficacy	negative
inefficiency negative
inefficiency	negative
inefficiently negative
inefficiently	negative
inefficient negative
inefficient	negative
inelegance negative
inelegance	negative
inelegant negative
inelegant	negative
ineligible negative
ineligible	negative
ineloquently negative
ineloquently	negative
ineloquent negative
ineloquent	negative
ineptitude negative
ineptitude	negative
ineptly negative
ineptly	negative
inept negative
inept	negative
inequalities negative
inequalities	negative
inequality negative
inequality	negative
inequitable negative
inequitable	negative
inequitably negative
inequitably	negative
inequities negative
inequities	negative
inertia negative
inescapable negative
inescapable	negative
inescapably negative
inescapably	negative
inessential negative
inessential	negative
inestimable positive
inestimable	positive
inestimably positive
inestimably	positive
inevitable negative
inevitable	negative
inevitably negative
inevitably	negative
inexact negative
inexcusable negative
inexcusable	negative
inexcusably negative
inexcusably	negative
inexorable negative
inexorable	negative
inexorably negative
inexorably	negative
inexpensive positive
inexpensive	positive
inexperienced negative
inexperienced	negative
inexperience negative
inexperience	negative
inexpertly negative
inexpertly	negative
inexpert negative
inexpert	negative
inexpiable negative
inexpiable	negative
inexplainable negative
inexplainable	negative
inexplicable negative
inextricable negative
inextricable	negative
inextricably negative
inextricably	negative
infallibility positive
infallibility	positive
infallible positive
infallible	positive
infallibly positive
infallibly	positive
infamously negative
infamously	negative
infamous negative
infamous	negative
infamy negative
infamy	negative
infatuated both
infatuated positive
infatuation positive
infected negative
infected negative
infected	negative
infection	negative
infections	negative
infectious neutral
inference neutral
inferiority negative
inferiority	negative
inferior negative
inferior negative
inferior	negative
infernal negative
infernal	negative
infer neutral
infested negative
infested	negative
infest negative
infest	negative
infidel negative
infidel	negative
infidels negative
infidels	negative
infiltrator negative
infiltrator	negative
infiltrators negative
infiltrators	negative
infirm negative
infirm	negative
inflamed negative
inflame negative
inflame	negative
inflammation	negative
inflammatory negative
inflammatory	negative
inflammed	negative
inflated negative
inflated	negative
inflationary negative
inflationary	negative
inflexible negative
inflexible	negative
inflict negative
inflict	negative
influence neutral
influential positive
influential positive
influential	positive
informational neutral
informative positive
infraction negative
infraction	negative
infringement negative
infringement negative
infringement	negative
infringements negative
infringements	negative
infringe negative
infringe	negative
infuriated negative
infuriated negative
infuriated	negative
infuriate negative
infuriate negative
infuriate	negative
infuriates negative
infuriatingly negative
infuriatingly	negative
infuriating negative
infuriating negative
infuriating	negative
ingeniously positive
ingeniously	positive
ingenious positive
ingenious	positive
ingenuity positive
ingenuity	positive
ingenuously positive
ingenuously	positive
ingenuous positive
ingenuous	positive
inglorious negative
inglorious	negative
ingrate negative
ingrate	negative
ingratiate positive
ingratiatingly positive
ingratiating positive
ingratitude negative
ingratitude	negative
inherent neutral
inhibition negative
inhibition	negative
inhibit negative
inhibit negative
inhibit	negative
inhospitable negative
inhospitable	negative
inhospitality negative
inhospitality	negative
inhumane negative
inhumane	negative
inhumanity negative
inhumanity	negative
inhuman negative
inhuman	negative
inimically negative
inimically	negative
inimical negative
inimical	negative
iniquitous negative
iniquitous	negative
iniquity negative
iniquity	negative
injudicious negative
injudicious	negative
injured negative
injure negative
injure	negative
injurious negative
injurious	negative
injury negative
injury negative
injury	negative
injustice negative
injustice negative
injustice	negative
injustices negative
injustices	negative
inkling neutral
inklings neutral
innocence positive
innocently positive
innocent positive
innocuous positive
innocuous	positive
innovate positive
innovates positive
innovation positive
innovation positive
innovation	positive
innovative positive
innovative positive
innovative	positive
innuendo negative
innuendo	negative
innumerable neutral
innumerably neutral
innumerous neutral
inoffensive positive
inoperable	negative
inopportune negative
inopportune	negative
inordinately negative
inordinately	negative
inordinate negative
inordinate	negative
inpressed	positive
inquisition negative
inquisitive positive
inquisitive positive
insanely negative
insanely	negative
insane negative
insane negative
insane	negative
insanity negative
insanity negative
insanity	negative
insatiable negative
insatiable	negative
insecure negative
insecure negative
insecure	negative
insecurity negative
insecurity	negative
insensible negative
insensible	negative
insensitively negative
insensitively	negative
insensitive negative
insensitive negative
insensitive	negative
insensitivity negative
insensitivity negative
insensitivity	negative
insidiously negative
insidiously	negative
insidious negative
insidious	negative
insightfully positive
insightfully	positive
insightful positive
insightful	positive
insight positive
insights neutral
insignificance negative
insignificance	negative
insignificantly negative
insignificantly	negative
insignificant negative
insignificant negative
insignificant	negative
insincerely negative
insincerely	negative
insincere negative
insincere	negative
insincerity negative
insincerity	negative
insinuate negative
insinuate	negative
insinuating negative
insinuating	negative
insinuation negative
insinuation	negative
insipid negative
insistence positive
insistently positive
insistent positive
insist positive
insociable negative
insociable	negative
insolence negative
insolence	negative
insolently negative
insolently	negative
insolent negative
insolent	negative
insolvent negative
insolvent	negative
insouciance negative
insouciance	negative
inspirational positive
inspirational positive
inspirational	positive
inspiration positive
inspiration positive
inspiration	positive
inspired positive
inspire positive
inspire positive
inspire	positive
inspires positive
inspiring positive
inspiring positive
inspiring	positive
instability negative
instability	negative
instable negative
instable	negative
instantly	positive
instigate negative
instigate	negative
instigator negative
instigator	negative
instigators negative
instigators	negative
instructive positive
instructive	positive
instrumental positive
instrumental	positive
insubordinate negative
insubordinate	negative
insubstantially negative
insubstantially	negative
insubstantial negative
insubstantial	negative
insufferable negative
insufferable	negative
insufferably negative
insufferably	negative
insufficiency negative
insufficiency	negative
insufficiently negative
insufficiently	negative
insufficient negative
insufficient	negative
insular negative
insular	negative
insulted negative
insulted negative
insulted	negative
insultingly negative
insultingly	negative
insulting negative
insulting negative
insulting	negative
insult negative
insult negative
insult	negative
insults negative
insults	negative
insupportable negative
insupportable	negative
insupportably negative
insupportably	negative
insurmountable negative
insurmountable	negative
insurmountably negative
insurmountably	negative
insurrection negative
insurrection	negative
intact positive
intact positive
intefere	negative
inteferes	negative
integral positive
integral	positive
integrated	positive
integrity positive
integrity positive
intelligence positive
intelligence	positive
intelligent positive
intelligent positive
intelligent	positive
intelligible positive
intelligible	positive
intend neutral
intense	negative
intense neutral
intense positive
intensively neutral
intensive neutral
intention neutral
intentions neutral
intent neutral
intents neutral
intercede positive
interested positive
interested positive
interesting positive
interesting positive
interesting	positive
interest positive
interest positive
interests positive
interests positive
interests	positive
interference negative
interference	negative
interfere negative
interfere	negative
interferes	negative
intermittent negative
intermittent	negative
interrogated negative
interrupted negative
interrupting negative
interruption negative
interruption negative
interruption	negative
interruptions	negative
interrupt negative
interrupt negative
interrupt	negative
interrupts negative
intimacy positive
intimacy	positive
intimate neutral
intimate positive
intimate	positive
intimidated negative
intimidate negative
intimidate negative
intimidate	negative
intimidates negative
intimidatingly negative
intimidatingly	negative
intimidating negative
intimidating negative
intimidating	negative
intimidation negative
intimidation negative
intimidation	negative
intolerablely negative
intolerablely	negative
intolerable negative
intolerable	negative
intolerance negative
intolerance	negative
intolerant negative
intoxicate negative
intoxicate	negative
intractable negative
intractable	negative
intransigence negative
intransigence	negative
intransigent negative
intransigent	negative
intricate positive
intricate positive
intricate	positive
intrigue neutral
intrigue positive
intrigue	positive
intrigues positive
intriguingly positive
intriguingly	positive
intriguing positive
intriguing	positive
intrude negative
intrude	negative
intrusion negative
intrusion	negative
intrusive negative
intrusive	negative
intuitive positive
intuitive	positive
inundated negative
inundated	negative
inundate negative
inundate	negative
invader negative
invader	negative
invalidate negative
invalidate	negative
invalidity negative
invalidity	negative
invalid negative
invalid	negative
invaluablely positive
invaluablely	positive
invaluable positive
invaluable	positive
invasive negative
invasive	negative
invective negative
invective	negative
inveigle negative
inveigle	negative
inventive positive
inventive	positive
invidiously negative
invidiously	negative
invidious negative
invidious	negative
invidiousness negative
invidiousness	negative
invigorate positive
invigorate	positive
invigorating positive
invigorating	positive
invincibility positive
invincibility	positive
invincible positive
invincible positive
invincible	positive
inviolable positive
inviolable	positive
inviolate positive
inviolate	positive
invisible	negative
invisible neutral
invite positive
inviting positive
involuntarily negative
involuntarily	negative
involuntary negative
involuntary	negative
invulnerable positive
invulnerable positive
invulnerable	positive
irascible	negative
irately negative
irately	negative
irate negative
irate negative
irate	negative
ire negative
ire	negative
irked	negative
irking	negative
irk negative
irk	negative
irks	negative
irksomely	negative
irksome negative
irksome	negative
irksomenesses	negative
irksomeness	negative
ironically	negative
ironical	negative
ironic negative
ironic negative
ironic	negative
ironies negative
ironies	negative
irony negative
irony negative
irony	negative
irragularity	negative
irrationalities	negative
irrationality negative
irrationality	negative
irrationally negative
irrationally	negative
irrational negative
irrational negative
irrational	negative
irrationals	negative
irreconcilable negative
irreconcilable	negative
irrecoverable	negative
irrecoverablenesses	negative
irrecoverableness	negative
irrecoverably	negative
irredeemable negative
irredeemable	negative
irredeemably negative
irredeemably	negative
irreformable negative
irreformable	negative
irrefutable positive
irrefutably positive
irregardless neutral
irregularity negative
irregularity	negative
irregular negative
irregular	negative
irrelevance negative
irrelevance	negative
irrelevant negative
irrelevant	negative
irreparable negative
irreparable	negative
irreplaceable	positive
irreplacible negative
irreplacible	negative
irrepressible negative
irrepressible	negative
irreproachable positive
irreproachable	positive
irresistible positive
irresistible positive
irresistible	positive
irresistibly positive
irresistibly	positive
irresolute negative
irresolute negative
irresolute	negative
irresolvable negative
irresolvable	negative
irresponsible negative
irresponsible	negative
irresponsible positive
irresponsibly negative
irresponsibly	negative
irretating	negative
irretrievable negative
irretrievable	negative
irreverence negative
irreverently negative
irreverent negative
irreversible negative
irreversible negative
irreversible	negative
irritable negative
irritable	negative
irritably negative
irritably	negative
irritant negative
irritant	negative
irritated negative
irritated negative
irritated	negative
irritate negative
irritate negative
irritate	negative
irritating negative
irritating negative
irritating	negative
irritation negative
irritation	negative
irritations	negative
isolated negative
isolated negative
isolated	negative
isolate negative
isolate	negative
isolation negative
isolation	negative
issue-free	positive
issue	negative
issues	negative
itching	negative
itch negative
itch	negative
itchy negative
itchy	negative
jabber negative
jabber	negative
jackasses negative
jackass negative
jaded negative
jaded	negative
jagged	negative
jailed negative
jam negative
jam	negative
jar negative
jarring	negative
jaundiced negative
jaundiced	negative
jauntily positive
jaunty positive
jaunty positive
jaw-droping	positive
jaw-dropping	positive
jealously negative
jealously	negative
jealous negative
jealous negative
jealous	negative
jealousness negative
jealousness	negative
jealousy negative
jealousy	negative
jeeringly negative
jeeringly	negative
jeering negative
jeering	negative
jeer negative
jeer	negative
jeers negative
jeers	negative
jeopardize negative
jeopardize	negative
jeopardy negative
jeopardy negative
jeopardy	negative
jerk negative
jerk negative
jerk	negative
jerky	negative
jest positive
jesus positive
jewel positive
jewels positive
jitter	negative
jitters	negative
jittery negative
jittery	negative
job-killing	negative
jobless negative
jobless	negative
jocular positive
join positive
joke	negative
joke positive
joke positive
joker negative
joker	negative
jokes positive
jollify positive
jollify	positive
jolly positive
jolly positive
jolly	positive
jolt negative
jolt	negative
jovial positive
jovial positive
jovial	positive
joyfully positive
joyfully positive
joyfully	positive
joyful positive
joyful positive
joyful	positive
joyless negative
joyless positive
joyously positive
joyously	positive
joyous positive
joyous positive
joyous	positive
joy positive
joy positive
joy	positive
jubilantly positive
jubilantly	positive
jubilant positive
jubilant positive
jubilant	positive
jubilate positive
jubilate	positive
jubilation positive
jubilation	positive
jubiliant	positive
juddering	negative
judder	negative
judders	negative
judgement neutral
judgements neutral
judgment neutral
judgments neutral
judicious positive
judicious	positive
jumpy negative
jumpy negative
jumpy	negative
junk negative
junk	negative
junkyard	negative
junky negative
junky	negative
justice positive
justice positive
justifiable positive
justifiably positive
justifiably positive
justification positive
justified positive
justify positive
justly positive
justly	positive
just positive
jutter	negative
jutters	negative
juvenile negative
kaput negative
kaput	negative
keenly positive
keenly	positive
keen negative
keenness positive
keenness	positive
keen positive
keen positive
keen	positive
kemp positive
key neutral
kick negative
kid-friendly	positive
kid positive
killed negative
killed	negative
killer negative
killer	negative
killing negative
killing	negative
killjoy negative
killjoy	negative
kill negative
kill negative
kill	negative
kills negative
kills	negative
kinder positive
kindliness positive
kindliness	positive
kindly positive
kindly	positive
kindness positive
kindness	positive
kind positive
kind positive
kingmaker positive
kiss positive
kiss positive
knave negative
knave	negative
knew neutral
knife negative
knife	negative
knock negative
knock	negative
knotted	negative
knowingly neutral
knowing neutral
knowledgeable positive
knowledgeable	positive
knowledge neutral
know neutral
kook negative
kook	negative
kooky negative
kooky	negative
kudos positive
kudos	positive
lackadaisical negative
lackadaisical negative
lackadaisical	negative
lacked	negative
lackey negative
lackey	negative
lackeys negative
lackeys	negative
lacking negative
lacking	negative
lackluster negative
lackluster	negative
lack negative
lack negative
lack	negative
lacks	negative
laconic negative
laconic	negative
lagged negative
lagged	negative
lagging negative
lagging	negative
laggy	negative
lag negative
lag negative
lag	negative
lags negative
lags	negative
laid-off	negative
lambaste negative
lambaste	negative
lambast negative
lambast	negative
lame-duck negative
lame-duck	negative
lame negative
lame negative
lame	negative
lamentable negative
lamentable	negative
lamentably negative
lamentably	negative
lament negative
lament	negative
landmark positive
languid negative
languid	negative
languish negative
languish	negative
languor negative
languor	negative
languorously negative
languorously	negative
languorous negative
languorous	negative
lanky negative
lanky	negative
lapsed	negative
lapse negative
lapse	negative
lapses	negative
large-capacity	positive
largely neutral
large neutral
large positive
large-scale neutral
lark positive
lascivious negative
lascivious	negative
last-ditch negative
last-ditch	negative
lastly neutral
latency	negative
laudable positive
laudable	positive
laudably positive
laudably	positive
laud positive
laud	positive
laughable negative
laughable	negative
laughably negative
laughably	negative
laughed positive
laughing positive
laughingstock negative
laughingstock	negative
laugh negative
laugh positive
laughs positive
laughter negative
laughting positive
launched positive
lavishly positive
lavishly	positive
lavish positive
lavish	positive
law-abiding positive
law-abiding	positive
lawbreaker negative
lawbreaker	negative
lawbreaking negative
lawbreaking	negative
lawfully positive
lawfully	positive
lawful positive
lawful	positive
lawless negative
lawless	negative
lawlessness negative
lawlessness	negative
lawl positive
lawsuit negative
lawsuits negative
lax negative
layoff-happy	negative
layoff	negative
lazy negative
lazy negative
lazy	negative
leading positive
leading	positive
lead	positive
leads	positive
leakage negative
leakage	negative
leakages	negative
leaked negative
leaking	negative
leak negative
leak negative
leak	negative
leaks	negative
leaky negative
leaky	negative
lean positive
lean	positive
learned positive
learning positive
learn neutral
least negative
leave negative
lecher negative
lecher	negative
lecherous negative
lecherous	negative
lechery negative
lechery	negative
lech negative
lech	negative
lecture negative
led	positive
leech negative
leech	negative
leer negative
leer	negative
leery negative
leery	negative
left-leaning negative
left-leaning	negative
legacies neutral
legacy neutral
legalistic neutral
legally positive
legal positive
legendary positive
legendary	positive
legitimacy positive
legitimately positive
legitimate positive
lemon	negative
lengthy	negative
leniently positive
lenient positive
lenient positive
less-developed negative
less-developed	negative
lessen negative
lesser-known negative
lesser-known	negative
lesser negative
less-expensive positive
less negative
letch negative
letch	negative
lethal negative
lethal	negative
lethargic negative
lethargic negative
lethargic	negative
lethargy negative
lethargy negative
lethargy	negative
leverage positive
leverage	positive
levity positive
levity	positive
lewdly negative
lewdly	negative
lewd negative
lewd	negative
lewdness negative
lewdness	negative
liability negative
liability	negative
liable negative
liable	negative
liar negative
liar negative
liar	negative
liars negative
liars negative
liars	negative
libelous negative
liberalism positive
liberally positive
liberal positive
liberate positive
liberate	positive
liberation positive
liberation	positive
liberty positive
liberty	positive
licentiously negative
licentiously	negative
licentious negative
licentious	negative
licentiousness negative
licentiousness	negative
lied negative
lied	negative
lie negative
lie	negative
lier negative
lier	negative
lies negative
lies	negative
lifeblood positive
lifeless negative
lifeless	negative
lifelong positive
lifesaver positive
lifesaver	positive
life-threatening negative
life-threatening	negative
lighten positive
lighter	positive
light-hearted positive
light-hearted	positive
lighthearted positive
light positive
likable positive
likable	positive
liked positive
liked	positive
likelihood neutral
likely neutral
like positive
like positive
like	positive
likes positive
likes	positive
likewise neutral
liking positive
liking	positive
limitation negative
limitation negative
limitation	negative
limitations	negative
limited negative
limited negative
limited	negative
limitless neutral
limit negative
limit	negative
limits negative
limits	negative
limp negative
limp	negative
lionhearted positive
lionhearted	positive
listless negative
listless	negative
literate positive
litigation negative
litigious negative
litigious negative
litigious	negative
little-known negative
little-known	negative
little negative
lively positive
lively positive
lively	positive
live positive
lividly negative
lividly	negative
livid negative
livid negative
livid	negative
lmao positive
lmfao positive
loathed negative
loathe negative
loathe negative
loathe	negative
loathes negative
loathing negative
loathing negative
loathing	negative
loathly negative
loathly	negative
loath negative
loath	negative
loathsomely negative
loathsomely	negative
loathsome negative
loathsome	negative
lobbying negative
lobby negative
lofty positive
logical positive
logical	positive
lol positive
loneliness negative
loneliness	negative
lonely negative
lonely negative
lonely	negative
lone negative
lone	negative
loner	negative
lonesome negative
lonesome negative
lonesome	negative
longingly negative
longingly	negative
longing negative
longing negative
longing	negative
long-lasting	positive
long negative
long-time	negative
long-winded	negative
looking neutral
look neutral
loomed negative
looming negative
loom negative
looms negative
loophole negative
loophole	negative
loopholes negative
loopholes	negative
loose negative
loose	negative
looses negative
loot negative
loot	negative
lorn negative
lorn	negative
lose negative
lose	negative
loser negative
loser negative
loser	negative
losers	negative
loses	negative
losing negative
losing negative
losing	negative
losses	negative
loss negative
loss negative
loss	negative
lost negative
lost negative
lost	negative
louder	negative
loud	negative
lousy negative
lousy	negative
lovable positive
lovable positive
lovable	positive
lovably positive
lovably	positive
loved positive
loved	positive
loveless negative
loveless	negative
lovelies positive
loveliness positive
loveliness	positive
lovelorn negative
lovelorn	negative
lovely positive
lovely positive
lovely	positive
love positive
love positive
love	positive
lover positive
lover	positive
loves	positive
loving positive
loving	positive
low-cost positive
low-cost	positive
lower-priced positive
lower-priced	positive
lowest negative
lowly negative
lowly	negative
low negative
low-priced	positive
low-price	positive
low-rated negative
low-rated	negative
low-risk positive
low-risk	positive
loyal positive
loyal positive
loyal	positive
loyalty positive
loyalty positive
loyalty	positive
lucidly positive
lucidly	positive
lucid positive
lucid	positive
luckier positive
luckier	positive
luckiest positive
luckiest	positive
luckily positive
luckily positive
luckiness positive
luckiness	positive
luck positive
luck positive
luck	positive
lucky positive
lucky positive
lucky	positive
lucrative positive
lucrative	positive
ludicrously negative
ludicrously	negative
ludicrous negative
ludicrous	negative
lugubrious negative
lugubrious negative
lugubrious	negative
lukewarm negative
lukewarm	negative
lull negative
lull	negative
luminous positive
luminous	positive
lumpy	negative
lunaticism negative
lunaticism	negative
lunatic negative
lunatic negative
lunatic	negative
lunatics negative
lurch negative
lurch	negative
lure negative
lure	negative
lurid negative
lurid	negative
lurking negative
lurking negative
lurking	negative
lurk negative
lurk negative
lurk	negative
lurks negative
lush positive
lush	positive
lust both
luster positive
luster	positive
lustrous positive
lustrous	positive
luxuriant positive
luxuriant	positive
luxuriate positive
luxuriate	positive
luxuriously positive
luxuriously	positive
luxurious positive
luxurious	positive
luxury positive
luxury	positive
lying negative
lying	negative
lyrical positive
lyrical	positive
macabre negative
macabre	negative
maddeningly negative
maddeningly	negative
maddening negative
maddening negative
maddening	negative
madden negative
madden	negative
madder negative
madder	negative
made-up negative
madly negative
madly negative
madly	negative
madman negative
madman	negative
mad negative
mad negative
mad	negative
madness negative
madness negative
madness	negative
magical positive
magical	positive
magic positive
magic	positive
magnanimously positive
magnanimously	positive
magnanimous positive
magnanimous	positive
magnetic positive
magnificence positive
magnificence	positive
magnificently positive
magnificently	positive
magnificent positive
magnificent	positive
magnify positive
majestic positive
majestic	positive
majesty positive
majesty	positive
major neutral
maladjusted negative
maladjusted	negative
maladjustment negative
maladjustment	negative
malady negative
malady	negative
malaise negative
malaise	negative
malcontented negative
malcontented	negative
malcontent negative
malcontent	negative
maledict negative
maledict	negative
malevolence negative
malevolence	negative
malevolently negative
malevolently	negative
malevolent negative
malevolent	negative
malice negative
malice	negative
maliciously negative
maliciously	negative
malicious negative
malicious	negative
maliciousness negative
maliciousness	negative
malignant negative
malignant	negative
malign negative
malign	negative
malodorous negative
malodorous	negative
maltreatment negative
maltreatment	negative
manageable positive
manageable	positive
mandatory negative
maneuverable	positive
maneuver negative
mangled	negative
mangle negative
mangle	negative
mangles	negative
mangling	negative
maniacal negative
maniacal	negative
maniac negative
maniac	negative
mania negative
mania	negative
manic negative
manic	negative
manifest positive
manipulated negative
manipulate negative
manipulate	negative
manipulating negative
manipulation negative
manipulation negative
manipulation	negative
manipulative negative
manipulative	negative
manipulators negative
manipulators	negative
manly positive
mannerly positive
mantra neutral
marginally negative
marginally	negative
marginal negative
marginal	negative
mar negative
mar	negative
martyrdom negative
martyrdom	negative
martyrdom-seeking negative
martyrdom-seeking	negative
marveled	positive
marvelled	positive
marvellous positive
marvellous	positive
marvelously positive
marvelously	positive
marvelousness positive
marvelousness	positive
marvelous positive
marvelous positive
marvelous	positive
marvel positive
marvel positive
marvel	positive
marvels positive
marvels positive
marvels	positive
mashed	negative
massacre negative
massacre	negative
massacres negative
massacres	negative
massive neutral
masterfully positive
masterfully	positive
masterful positive
masterful	positive
masterpiece positive
masterpiece positive
masterpiece	positive
masterpieces positive
masterpieces positive
masterpieces	positive
master positive
master	positive
masters positive
masters	positive
mastery positive
mastery	positive
matchless positive
matchless	positive
matte	negative
matter neutral
matter positive
matters positive
maturely positive
maturely	positive
mature positive
mature positive
mature	positive
maturity positive
maturity	positive
maverick negative
mawkishly negative
mawkishly	negative
mawkish negative
mawkish	negative
mawkishness negative
mawkishness	negative
maxi-devaluation negative
maximize positive
maybe neutral
meager negative
meager	negative
meaningful positive
meaningful positive
meaningful	positive
meaningless negative
meaningless negative
meaningless	negative
mean negative
meanness negative
meanness	negative
mean neutral
measly	negative
medal positive
meddle negative
meddle	negative
meddlesome negative
meddlesome	negative
mediocre negative
mediocre	negative
mediocrity negative
mediocrity negative
mediocrity	negative
meditative positive
meek positive
melancholy negative
melancholy negative
melancholy	negative
mellow positive
melodramatically negative
melodramatically	negative
melodramatic negative
melodramatic	negative
meltdown	negative
memorable positive
memorable	positive
memorialize positive
memories neutral
menaced negative
menace negative
menace negative
menace	negative
menacingly negative
menacingly	negative
menacing negative
menacing	negative
mendacious negative
mendacious	negative
mendacity negative
mendacity	negative
mend positive
menial negative
menial	negative
mentality neutral
mentor positive
mercifully positive
mercifully	positive
merciful positive
merciful	positive
mercilessly negative
mercilessly	negative
merciless negative
merciless	negative
mercy positive
mercy positive
mercy	positive
merely negative
mere negative
meritorious positive
meritorious	positive
merit positive
merit	positive
merrily positive
merrily	positive
merriment positive
merriment	positive
merriness positive
merriness	positive
merry positive
merry positive
merry	positive
mesmerized	positive
mesmerize positive
mesmerize	positive
mesmerizes	positive
mesmerizingly positive
mesmerizingly	positive
mesmerizing positive
mesmerizing	positive
messed negative
messed	negative
messes	negative
messing	negative
messing positive
mess negative
mess negative
mess	negative
messy negative
messy	negative
metaphorize neutral
methodical positive
meticulously positive
meticulously	positive
meticulous positive
meticulous	positive
midget negative
midget	negative
miff negative
miff	negative
mightily positive
mightily	positive
might neutral
might positive
mighty positive
mighty	positive
mild positive
militancy negative
militancy	negative
mind-blowing	positive
mindful positive
mindlessly negative
mindlessly	negative
mindless negative
mindless negative
mindless	negative
mind negative
minister positive
minor neutral
miracle positive
miracle positive
miracle	positive
miracles positive
miracles	positive
miraculously positive
miraculously	positive
miraculousness positive
miraculousness	positive
miraculous positive
miraculous	positive
mirage negative
mirage	negative
mire negative
mire	negative
mirthfully positive
mirthful positive
mirth positive
mirth positive
misaligned	negative
misalign	negative
misaligns	negative
misapprehend negative
misapprehend	negative
misbecome negative
misbecome	negative
misbecoming negative
misbecoming	negative
misbegotten negative
misbegotten	negative
misbehaved negative
misbehave negative
misbehave negative
misbehave	negative
misbehaves negative
misbehaving negative
misbehavior negative
misbehavior	negative
miscalculate negative
miscalculate	negative
miscalculation negative
miscalculation	negative
miscellaneous	negative
mischief negative
mischief negative
mischief	negative
mischiefs negative
mischievously negative
mischievously	negative
mischievous negative
mischievous	negative
misconception negative
misconception	negative
misconceptions negative
misconceptions	negative
miscreant negative
miscreant	negative
miscreants negative
miscreants	negative
misdirection negative
misdirection	negative
miserable negative
miserable negative
miserable	negative
miserableness negative
miserableness	negative
miserably negative
miserably	negative
miseries negative
miseries	negative
miserly negative
miserly	negative
miser negative
miser	negative
misery negative
misery negative
misery	negative
misfit negative
misfit	negative
misfortune negative
misfortune	negative
misgiving negative
misgiving negative
misgiving	negative
misgivings negative
misgivings	negative
misguidance negative
misguidance	negative
misguided negative
misguided	negative
misguide negative
misguide	negative
mishandle negative
mishandle	negative
mishap negative
mishap	negative
misinformation negative
misinformed negative
misinformed negative
misinformed	negative
misinform negative
misinform	negative
misinterpreted negative
misinterpret negative
misinterpret	negative
misjudge negative
misjudge	negative
misjudgment negative
misjudgment	negative
misleadingly negative
misleadingly	negative
misleading negative
misleading negative
misleading	negative
mislead negative
mislead	negative
mislike negative
mislike	negative
mismanage negative
mismanage	negative
mispronounced	negative
mispronounce	negative
mispronounces	negative
misreading negative
misreading	negative
misread negative
misread negative
misread	negative
misreporting negative
misrepresentation negative
misrepresentation negative
misrepresentation	negative
misrepresent negative
misrepresent	negative
missed negative
missed	negative
misses	negative
missing negative
miss negative
miss negative
miss	negative
misstatement negative
misstatement	negative
mistake negative
mistake negative
mistake	negative
mistakenly negative
mistakenly	negative
mistaken negative
mistaken negative
mistaken	negative
mistakes negative
mistakes negative
mistakes	negative
mistaking negative
mistified negative
mistified	negative
mist	negative
mistress	negative
mistrustfully negative
mistrustfully	negative
mistrustful negative
mistrustful	negative
mistrust negative
mistrust	negative
mists	negative
misunderstanding negative
misunderstanding negative
misunderstanding	negative
misunderstandings negative
misunderstandings	negative
misunderstand negative
misunderstand negative
misunderstand	negative
misunderstands negative
misunderstood negative
misunderstood negative
misunderstood	negative
misuse negative
misuse	negative
mm neutral
moaned negative
moaning negative
moan negative
moan negative
moan	negative
moans negative
mobster	negative
mocked negative
mocked	negative
mockeries negative
mockeries	negative
mockery negative
mockery	negative
mockingly negative
mockingly	negative
mocking negative
mocking negative
mocking	negative
mock negative
mock negative
mock	negative
mocks negative
mocks	negative
moderate positive
moderation positive
modern positive
modern	positive
modest positive
modest	positive
modesty positive
modesty	positive
molestation negative
molestation	negative
molest negative
molest	negative
mollify positive
momentous positive
momentous	positive
mongering negative
monopolized negative
monopolize negative
monopolizes negative
monopolizing negative
monotonous negative
monotonous	negative
monotony negative
monotony	negative
monster negative
monster	negative
monstrosities negative
monstrosities	negative
monstrosity negative
monstrosity	negative
monstrously negative
monstrously	negative
monstrous negative
monstrous	negative
monumentally positive
monumentally	positive
monumental positive
monumental	positive
moody negative
moody negative
moody	negative
moon negative
moot negative
moot	negative
mope negative
mope negative
mope	negative
moping negative
morality positive
morality	positive
moralize positive
moral positive
morbidly negative
morbidly	negative
morbid negative
morbid	negative
mordantly negative
mordantly	negative
mordant negative
mordant	negative
moreover neutral
moribund negative
moribund	negative
moronic	negative
moron negative
moron	negative
morons	negative
mortification negative
mortification	negative
mortified negative
mortified	negative
mortifying negative
mortifying	negative
mortify negative
mortify	negative
mostly neutral
most neutral
motherfucker negative
motherfucking negative
motionless negative
motionless	negative
motivated positive
motivated positive
motivated	positive
motivate positive
motivate positive
motivating positive
motivation positive
motivation positive
motive neutral
motley negative
motley	negative
mourned negative
mourner negative
mourner	negative
mournfully negative
mournfully	negative
mournful negative
mournful negative
mournful	negative
mourning negative
mourn negative
mourn negative
mourn	negative
mourns negative
move neutral
moving positive
much neutral
muddle negative
muddle	negative
muddy negative
muddy	negative
mudslinger negative
mudslinger	negative
mudslinging negative
mudslinging	negative
mulish negative
mulish	negative
multi-polarization negative
multi-polarization	negative
multi-purpose	positive
mum neutral
mumpish negative
mundane negative
mundane	negative
murderer negative
murderer	negative
murdering negative
murder negative
murder negative
murder	negative
murderously negative
murderously	negative
murderous negative
murderous negative
murderous	negative
murders negative
murky negative
murky	negative
muscle-flexing negative
muscle-flexing	negative
mushy	negative
must neutral
musty	negative
myriad positive
mysteriously negative
mysteriously	negative
mysterious negative
mysterious	negative
mystery negative
mystery	negative
mystify negative
mystify	negative
myth negative
myth negative
myth	negative
n00b negative
nagging negative
nagging	negative
nag negative
nag	negative
naively negative
naively	negative
naive negative
naive negative
naive	negative
naïve negative
naïve	negative
nap neutral
narrower negative
narrower	negative
narrow negative
nascent neutral
nastily negative
nastily	negative
nastiness negative
nastiness	negative
nasty negative
nasty negative
nasty	negative
nationalism negative
naturally positive
natural positive
natural positive
nature neutral
naughty negative
naughty	negative
nauseate negative
nauseate	negative
nauseates	negative
nauseatingly negative
nauseatingly	negative
nauseating negative
nauseating	negative
navigable positive
navigable	positive
neatest	positive
neatly positive
neatly	positive
neat positive
neat	positive
nebulously negative
nebulously	negative
nebulous negative
nebulous	negative
necessarily positive
necessary positive
needfully neutral
needful neutral
needlessly negative
needlessly	negative
needless negative
needless	negative
need negative
need neutral
needs neutral
needy negative
needy negative
needy	negative
nefariously negative
nefariously	negative
nefarious negative
nefarious	negative
negate negative
negate	negative
negation negative
negation	negative
negative negative
negative negative
negative	negative
negatives	negative
negativity negative
negativity	negative
neglected negative
neglected negative
neglected	negative
neglecting negative
neglect negative
neglect negative
neglect	negative
neglects negative
negligence negative
negligence	negative
negligent negative
negligent	negative
negligible negative
nemesis negative
nemesis	negative
nepotism	negative
nerves negative
nervously negative
nervously negative
nervously	negative
nervous negative
nervous negative
nervous	negative
nervousness negative
nervousness	negative
nettle negative
nettle	negative
nettlesome negative
nettlesome	negative
neurotically negative
neurotically	negative
neurotic negative
neurotic	negative
neutralize positive
nevertheless neutral
nicely positive
nicely	positive
nice positive
nice positive
nice	positive
nicer	positive
nicest	positive
nifty positive
nifty positive
nifty	positive
niggas negative
nigger negative
niggle negative
niggle	negative
niggles	negative
nightmare negative
nightmare	negative
nightmarishly negative
nightmarishly	negative
nightmarish negative
nightmarish	negative
nimble positive
nimble	positive
nitpicking	negative
nitpick	negative
nix negative
noble positive
noble positive
noble	positive
nobly positive
nobly	positive
noiseless	positive
noise	negative
noises	negative
noisier	negative
noisy negative
noisy negative
noisy	negative
non-confidence negative
non-confidence	negative
no negative
nonexistent negative
nonexistent	negative
nonresponsive	negative
nonsense negative
nonsense negative
nonsense	negative
non-violence positive
non-violence	positive
nonviolent neutral
non-violent positive
non-violent	positive
noob negative
no positive
normal positive
nosey negative
nosey negative
nosey	negative
notable positive
notably positive
notably	positive
noteworthy positive
noteworthy	positive
noticeable positive
notion neutral
notoriety	negative
notoriously negative
notoriously	negative
notorious negative
notorious negative
notorious	negative
not positive
not positive
nourishing positive
nourishing	positive
nourishment positive
nourishment	positive
nourish positive
nourish	positive
novel positive
novel positive
novelty	positive
noxious	negative
nuance neutral
nuances neutral
nuisance negative
nuisance	negative
numb negative
numb negative
numb	negative
nurture positive
nurturing positive
nurturing	positive
nuts negative
oasis positive
oasis	positive
obedience positive
obediently positive
obedient positive
obese negative
obese	negative
obey positive
objectionable negative
objectionable	negative
objection negative
objection	negative
objections negative
objections	negative
objectively positive
objective positive
object negative
object	negative
obligation neutral
obliged positive
oblique negative
oblique	negative
obliterated negative
obliterated negative
obliterated	negative
obliterate negative
obliterate negative
obliterate	negative
oblivious negative
oblivious	negative
obnoxiously negative
obnoxiously	negative
obnoxious negative
obnoxious negative
obnoxious	negative
obscenely negative
obscenely	negative
obscene negative
obscene negative
obscene	negative
obscenity negative
obscenity	negative
obscured	negative
obscure negative
obscure	negative
obscures	negative
obscurity negative
obscurity	negative
obsessed positive
obsession negative
obsession	positive
obsessions negative
obsessions	positive
obsessively negative
obsessively	negative
obsessive negative
obsessive	negative
obsessiveness negative
obsessiveness	negative
obsess negative
obsess	negative
obsolete negative
obsolete negative
obsolete	negative
obstacle negative
obstacle negative
obstacle	negative
obstacles negative
obstinately negative
obstinately	negative
obstinate negative
obstinate negative
obstinate	negative
obstructed	negative
obstructing	negative
obstruction negative
obstruction	negative
obstruct negative
obstruct	negative
obstructs	negative
obtainable	positive
obtrusive negative
obtrusive	negative
obtuse negative
obtuse	negative
obviate positive
obviously negative
obvious neutral
occluded	negative
occlude	negative
occludes	negative
occluding	negative
odder negative
odder	negative
oddest negative
oddest	negative
oddities negative
oddities	negative
oddity negative
oddity	negative
oddly negative
oddly	negative
odd negative
odd negative
odd	negative
odor	negative
offbeat positive
offence negative
offence	negative
offended negative
offender negative
offender	negative
offending negative
offending negative
offending	negative
offend negative
offend negative
offend	negative
offends negative
offenses negative
offenses	negative
offensively negative
offensively	negative
offensive negative
offensive	negative
offensiveness negative
offensiveness	negative
officious negative
officious	negative
offline negative
offset positive
oh neutral
okay positive
oks positive
olympic neutral
ominously negative
ominously	negative
ominous negative
ominous	negative
ominous positive
omission negative
omission	negative
omit negative
omit	negative
once-in-a-lifetime positive
onerously negative
onerously	negative
onerous negative
onerous	negative
one-sided negative
one-sided	negative
one-side negative
onslaught negative
onslaught	negative
onward positive
open-ended neutral
openly positive
openly	positive
openness positive
openness	positive
open positive
opinionated negative
opinionated	negative
opinion neutral
opinions neutral
opponent negative
opponent	negative
opportune positive
opportunistic negative
opportunistic	negative
opportunities positive
opportunity positive
opportunity positive
oppose negative
oppose	negative
opposition negative
opposition	negative
oppositions negative
oppositions	negative
oppressed negative
oppression negative
oppression	negative
oppressively negative
oppressively	negative
oppressive negative
oppressive negative
oppressive	negative
oppressiveness negative
oppressiveness	negative
oppress negative
oppress	negative
oppressors negative
oppressors	negative
optimal positive
optimal	positive
optimism positive
optimism positive
optimism	positive
optimistic positive
optimistic positive
optimistic	positive
optionless negative
opulent positive
opulent	positive
ordeal negative
ordeal	negative
orderly positive
orderly	positive
originality positive
originality	positive
original positive
orphan negative
orphan	negative
orthodoxy neutral
ostracize negative
ostracize	negative
ought neutral
outbreak negative
outbreak	negative
outburst negative
outburst	negative
outbursts negative
outbursts	negative
outcast negative
outcast	negative
outcry negative
outcry negative
outcry	negative
outdated negative
outdone	positive
outdo positive
outdo	positive
outgoing positive
outlaw negative
outlaw	negative
outlook neutral
outmaneuvered negative
outmoded negative
outmoded	negative
outperformed	positive
outperforming	positive
outperform	positive
outperforms	positive
outraged negative
outraged negative
outraged	negative
outrage negative
outrage negative
outrage	negative
outrageously negative
outrageously	negative
outrageous negative
outrageous	negative
outrageousness negative
outrageousness	negative
outrages negative
outrages	negative
outreach positive
outright neutral
outshine positive
outshine	positive
outshone	positive
outsider negative
outsider	negative
outsmart positive
outsmart	positive
outspoken neutral
outstandingly positive
outstandingly	positive
outstanding positive
outstanding positive
outstanding	positive
outstrip positive
outstrip	positive
outwit positive
outwit	positive
ovation positive
ovation	positive
overachiever positive
over-acted negative
over-acted	negative
overacted negative
overacted	negative
overact negative
overact	negative
over-awe	negative
overawe negative
overawe	negative
over-balanced	negative
overbalanced negative
overbalanced	negative
overbalance negative
overbalance	negative
overbearingly negative
overbearingly	negative
overbearing negative
overbearing	negative
overblown negative
overblown	negative
overcome negative
overdo negative
overdo	negative
overdone negative
overdone	negative
overdue negative
overdue	negative
overemphasize negative
overemphasize	negative
overheat	negative
over-hyped	negative
overjoyed positive
overjoyed positive
overjoyed	positive
overkill negative
overkill	negative
overloaded	negative
overload negative
overlooked negative
overlook negative
overlook	negative
overpaid	negative
overpayed	negative
overplay negative
overplay	negative
overpower negative
overpower	negative
over-priced	negative
overpriced	negative
overrated	negative
overreach negative
overreach	negative
overreacted negative
overreaction negative
overreact negative
overreacts negative
overrun negative
overrun	negative
overselling negative
oversell negative
oversells negative
overshadow negative
overshadow	negative
oversight negative
oversight	negative
oversights	negative
oversimplification negative
oversimplification negative
oversimplification	negative
oversimplified negative
oversimplified negative
oversimplified	negative
oversimplifies negative
oversimplify negative
oversimplify negative
oversimplify	negative
oversized negative
oversize	negative
overstated	negative
overstatement negative
overstatement negative
overstatement	negative
overstatements negative
overstatements negative
overstatements	negative
overstate negative
overstate	negative
overstates	negative
overtaken	positive
overtake	positive
overtakes	positive
overtaking	positive
overtaxed negative
overtaxed	negative
overthrow negative
overthrow	negative
overthrows	negative
overt neutral
overtook	positive
overture positive
overture	positive
overtures neutral
overturn negative
overturn	negative
over-valuation negative
over-valuation	negative
overweight negative
overweight	negative
overwhelmed	negative
overwhelmingly negative
overwhelmingly	negative
overwhelming negative
overwhelming	negative
overwhelm negative
overwhelm	negative
overwhelms	negative
overworked negative
overzealously negative
overzealously	negative
overzealous negative
overzealous	negative
overzelous	negative
oxymoron negative
pacifist positive
pacifists positive
pacify neutral
pained negative
pain-free	positive
painfull	negative
painfully negative
painfully	negative
painful negative
painful	negative
painlessly positive
painlessly	positive
painless positive
painless	positive
pain negative
pain negative
pain	negative
pains negative
pains	negative
painstakingly positive
painstaking positive
palatable positive
palatial positive
palatial	positive
pale negative
pale	negative
pales	negative
palliate positive
paltry negative
paltry	negative
pamperedly	positive
pamperedness	positive
pampered	positive
pamper positive
pamper	positive
pampers	positive
pandemonium negative
pandemonium	negative
pandering	negative
pander	negative
panders	negative
panicked negative
panicked	negative
panicking	negative
panick	negative
panicky negative
panicky	negative
panic negative
panic negative
panic	negative
panics negative
pan negative
pan	negative
panoramic	positive
paradise positive
paradise positive
paradise	positive
paradoxically negative
paradoxically	negative
paradoxical negative
paradoxical	negative
paradox negative
paralize negative
paralize	negative
paralyzed negative
paralyzed	negative
paramount positive
paramount	positive
paranoia negative
paranoia	negative
paranoid negative
paranoid	negative
parasite negative
parasite	negative
pardoned positive
pardoning positive
pardon positive
pardon positive
pardon	positive
pardons positive
pariah negative
pariah	negative
parley negative
parody negative
parody	negative
partiality negative
partiality	negative
particularly neutral
particular neutral
partisan negative
partisan	negative
partisans negative
partisans	negative
passe negative
passe	negative
passionately positive
passionately	positive
passionate positive
passionate positive
passionate	positive
passion positive
passion	positive
passively negative
passive negative
passive negative
passive	negative
passiveness negative
passiveness	negative
pathetically negative
pathetically	negative
pathetic negative
pathetic negative
pathetic	negative
patience positive
patience	positive
patiently positive
patiently	positive
patient positive
patient	positive
patriotic positive
patriotic	positive
patriot positive
patriot	positive
patronize negative
patronize	negative
paucity negative
paucity	negative
pauper negative
pauper	negative
paupers negative
paupers	negative
payback negative
payback	negative
pay negative
peaceable positive
peaceable	positive
peacefully positive
peacefully positive
peacefully	positive
peaceful positive
peaceful positive
peaceful	positive
peacekeepers positive
peacekeepers	positive
peace positive
peace positive
peace	positive
peach	positive
peculiarly negative
peculiarly	negative
peculiar negative
peculiar	negative
pedantic negative
pedantic	negative
pedestrian negative
peeled	negative
peerless positive
peerless	positive
peeved negative
peeved	negative
peeve negative
peeve	negative
peevishly negative
peevishly	negative
peevish negative
peevish	negative
penalize negative
penalize	negative
penalty negative
penalty negative
penalty	negative
penetrating positive
penitent positive
pensive negative
pepped	positive
pepping	positive
pep	positive
peppy	positive
peps	positive
perceptions neutral
perceptive positive
perfected positive
perfection positive
perfection	positive
perfectly positive
perfectly positive
perfectly	positive
perfect positive
perfect positive
perfect	positive
perfects positive
perfidious negative
perfidious	negative
perfidity negative
perfidity	negative
perfunctory negative
perfunctory	negative
perhaps neutral
peril negative
peril negative
peril	negative
perilously negative
perilously	negative
perilous negative
perilous	negative
peripheral negative
perish negative
perish	negative
perjury negative
permissible positive
permissible	positive
pernicious negative
pernicious	negative
perpetrator negative
perpetrators negative
perplexed negative
perplexed negative
perplexed	negative
perplexing negative
perplexing	negative
perplexity negative
perplexity	negative
perplex negative
perplex	negative
persecuted negative
persecute negative
persecute negative
persecute	negative
persecutes negative
persecuting negative
persecution negative
persecution	negative
perseverance positive
perseverance	positive
persevere positive
persevere	positive
persistence neutral
persistent positive
personages positive
personages	positive
personality positive
personalized	positive
perspective neutral
perspicuously positive
perspicuous positive
persuade positive
persuasively positive
persuasive positive
pertinaciously negative
pertinaciously	negative
pertinacious negative
pertinacious	negative
pertinacity negative
pertinacity	negative
pertinent positive
perturbed negative
perturbed negative
perturbed	negative
perturb negative
perturb	negative
pervasive negative
pervasive	negative
perversely negative
perversely	negative
perverse negative
perverse	negative
perversion negative
perversion	negative
perversity negative
perversity	negative
perverted negative
perverted	negative
pervert negative
pervert	negative
perverts	negative
pesky negative
pessimism negative
pessimism negative
pessimism	negative
pessimistically negative
pessimistically	negative
pessimistic negative
pessimistic negative
pessimistic	negative
pestilent negative
pestilent	negative
pest negative
pest	negative
petrified negative
petrified negative
petrified	negative
petrify negative
petrify	negative
pettifog negative
pettifog	negative
petty negative
petty	negative
phenomenally positive
phenomenally	positive
phenomenal positive
phenomenal	positive
philosophize neutral
phobia negative
phobia	negative
phobic negative
phobic negative
phobic	negative
phony negative
phony	negative
picketed	negative
picketing	negative
picket	negative
pickets	negative
picky negative
picky	negative
picturesque positive
picturesque positive
picturesque	positive
piety positive
piety	positive
pig	negative
pigs	negative
pileup negative
pillage negative
pillage	negative
pillar positive
pillory negative
pillory	negative
pimple	negative
pinch negative
pinch	negative
pine negative
pinnacle positive
pinnacle	positive
pious positive
piqued negative
pique negative
pique negative
pique	negative
pissed negative
pissing negative
piss negative
piteous negative
pithy positive
pitiable negative
pitiable	negative
pitied negative
pitifully negative
pitifully	negative
pitiful negative
pitiful	negative
pitilessly negative
pitilessly	negative
pitiless negative
pitiless	negative
pittance negative
pittance	negative
pity negative
pity negative
pity	negative
pivotal neutral
placate positive
placid positive
plagiarize negative
plagiarize	negative
plague negative
plague	negative
plainly positive
plain positive
plasticky	negative
plausibility positive
plausible positive
player neutral
playfully positive
playfully	positive
playful positive
playful positive
playful	positive
plaything negative
plaything	negative
plead both
pleading both
pleadingly both
plea negative
plea	negative
pleasantly positive
pleasantly	positive
pleasant positive
pleasant positive
pleasant	positive
pleased positive
pleased positive
pleased	positive
please positive
please positive
pleases	positive
pleasingly positive
pleasingly	positive
pleasing positive
pleasing	positive
pleas negative
pleas	negative
pleasurable positive
pleasurable	positive
pleasurably positive
pleasurably	positive
pleasure positive
pleasure positive
pleasure	positive
plebeian negative
plebeian	negative
pledge positive
pledges positive
plenary neutral
plentiful positive
plentiful	positive
plenty positive
plight negative
plight	negative
plot negative
plot	negative
plotters negative
plotters	negative
ploy negative
ploy	negative
plunderer negative
plunderer	negative
plunder negative
plunder	negative
pluses	positive
plush positive
plush	positive
plusses	positive
poeticize positive
poeticize	positive
poetic positive
poetic	positive
poignant positive
poignant	positive
pointlessly negative
pointlessly	negative
pointless negative
pointless	negative
point neutral
poised negative
poised positive
poised	positive
poise positive
poise	positive
poisoned negative
poison negative
poison negative
poison	negative
poisonously negative
poisonously	negative
poisonous negative
poisonous	negative
poisons negative
pokey	negative
poky	negative
polarisation negative
polarisation	negative
polemize negative
polemize	negative
polished positive
polished	positive
politeness positive
politeness	positive
polite positive
polite	positive
polluted negative
pollute negative
pollute negative
pollute	negative
polluter negative
polluter negative
polluter	negative
polluters negative
polluters negative
polluters	negative
pollutes negative
polution negative
polution	negative
pompous negative
pompous	negative
ponder neutral
poorer negative
poorer	negative
poorest negative
poorest	negative
poorly negative
poorly	negative
poor negative
poor negative
poor	negative
popularity positive
popular positive
popular positive
popular	positive
portable positive
portable	positive
posh positive
posh	positive
position neutral
positively positive
positively positive
positively	positive
positiveness positive
positive positive
positive positive
positive	positive
positives	positive
possessive negative
possibility neutral
possible neutral
possibly neutral
posterity positive
postponed negative
postpone negative
postpones negative
postponing negative
posture neutral
posturing negative
posturing	negative
potential positive
potent positive
pout negative
pout	negative
poverty negative
poverty negative
poverty	negative
powerfully positive
powerfully	positive
powerful positive
powerful positive
powerful	positive
powerless negative
powerless negative
powerless	negative
power neutral
practicable positive
practically neutral
practical positive
pragmatic positive
praised positive
praise positive
praise positive
praise	positive
praises positive
praiseworthy positive
praiseworthy	positive
praising positive
praising positive
praising	positive
prate negative
prate	negative
pratfall negative
pratfall	negative
prattle negative
prattle	negative
praying positive
pray neutral
pray positive
prays positive
prblm negative
prblms negative
preaching positive
preach positive
precariously negative
precariously	negative
precarious negative
precarious	negative
precaution positive
precautions positive
precedent positive
precious neutral
precious positive
precious	positive
precipitate negative
precipitate	negative
precipitous negative
precipitous	negative
precisely positive
precisely	positive
precise positive
precise	positive
precision positive
predatory negative
predatory	negative
predicament negative
predicament	negative
predictablely neutral
predictable neutral
predominant neutral
pre-eminent positive
pre-eminent	positive
preeminent positive
preeminent	positive
preemptive positive
preferable positive
preferable	positive
preferably positive
preferably	positive
prefered	positive
preference positive
preferences positive
preferes	positive
prefer positive
prefer	positive
preferring	positive
prefers	positive
prejudge negative
prejudge	negative
prejudice negative
prejudice	negative
prejudices	negative
prejudicial negative
prejudicial	negative
premeditated negative
premeditated	negative
premier positive
premier	positive
premium positive
preoccupy negative
preoccupy	negative
prepared positive
prepared positive
preponderance positive
preposterously negative
preposterously	negative
preposterous negative
preposterous	negative
pressing negative
press positive
pressured negative
pressure negative
pressure neutral
pressures neutral
prestige positive
prestige	positive
prestigious positive
prestigious	positive
presumably neutral
presume negative
presumptuously negative
presumptuously	negative
presumptuous negative
presumptuous	negative
pretence negative
pretence	negative
pretending negative
pretend negative
pretend negative
pretend	negative
pretends negative
pretense negative
pretense	negative
pretentiously negative
pretentiously	negative
pretentious negative
pretentious	negative
prettily positive
prettily	positive
pretty positive
pretty positive
pretty	positive
prevalent neutral
prevaricate negative
prevaricate	negative
prevented negative
preventing negative
prevent negative
prevents negative
priceless positive
priceless	positive
pricey negative
pricey	negative
pricier	negative
prickle negative
prickle	negative
prickles negative
prickles	negative
prick negative
prick	negative
prideful negative
prideful	negative
pride positive
pride	positive
prik	negative
primarily neutral
primary neutral
prime neutral
primitive negative
primitive	negative
principled positive
principled	positive
principle positive
prisoner negative
prisoner negative
prisoner	negative
prisoners negative
prison negative
prison negative
prison	negative
privileged positive
privileged positive
privileged	positive
privilege positive
privilege	positive
prize positive
prize	positive
proactive positive
proactive positive
proactive	positive
pro-American positive
pro-Beijing positive
problematic negative
problematic	negative
problem-free	positive
problem negative
problem negative
problem	negative
problems negative
problems negative
problems	negative
problem-solver	positive
proclaim neutral
procrastinate negative
procrastinate	negative
procrastinates	negative
procrastination negative
procrastination	negative
pro-Cuba positive
prodigiously positive
prodigiously	positive
prodigious positive
prodigious	positive
prodigy positive
prodigy	positive
productively	positive
productive positive
productive	positive
profane negative
profane	negative
profanity negative
profanity	negative
profess positive
proficiently positive
proficiently	positive
proficient positive
proficient	positive
profitable positive
profiteer negative
profit positive
profoundly positive
profoundly	positive
profound positive
profound	positive
profusely positive
profuse positive
profuse	positive
profusion positive
profusion	positive
prognosticate neutral
progressive positive
progressive	positive
progress positive
progress positive
progress	positive
prohibitively negative
prohibitively	negative
prohibitive negative
prohibitive	negative
prohibit negative
prohibit	negative
prolific positive
prolific	positive
prominence positive
prominence	positive
prominent positive
prominent positive
prominent	positive
promised positive
promised	positive
promise positive
promise positive
promise	positive
promises positive
promises	positive
promising positive
promising	positive
promoted positive
promote positive
promoter positive
promoter	positive
promotes positive
promoting positive
promptly positive
promptly	positive
prompt positive
prompt	positive
propaganda negative
propaganda negative
propaganda	negative
propagandize negative
propagandize	negative
pro-peace positive
properly positive
properly	positive
proper positive
proper	positive
prophesy neutral
propitiously positive
propitiously	positive
propitious positive
propitious	positive
proportionately neutral
proportionate neutral
pro positive
proprietary	negative
proscription negative
proscriptions negative
prosecuted negative
prosecute negative
prosecute negative
prosecute	negative
prosecutes negative
prosecution negative
prospect positive
prospect positive
prospects positive
prospects positive
prosperity positive
prosperity	positive
prosperous positive
prosperous positive
prosperous	positive
prosper positive
prosper	positive
pros	positive
prospros	positive
protected positive
protection positive
protection	positive
protective positive
protective	positive
protector positive
protect positive
protect positive
protect	positive
protects positive
protested	negative
protesters negative
protesting negative
protesting	negative
protest negative
protest negative
protest	negative
protests negative
protests negative
protests	negative
protracted negative
protracted	negative
proudly positive
proud positive
proud positive
proud	positive
prove neutral
proven	positive
proves	positive
providence positive
providence	positive
proving	positive
provocation negative
provocation	negative
provocative negative
provocative	negative
provoked negative
provoke negative
provoke negative
provoke	negative
provokes negative
provoking negative
prowess positive
prowess	positive
prudence positive
prudence	positive
prudently positive
prudently	positive
prudent positive
prudent	positive
pry negative
pry	negative
pseudoscience negative
pugnaciously negative
pugnaciously	negative
pugnacious negative
pugnacious	negative
pugnacity negative
pugnacity	negative
punch negative
punch	negative
punctual positive
punctual	positive
pundits positive
punishable negative
punishable	negative
punished negative
punishes negative
punish negative
punish negative
punish	negative
punitive negative
punitive negative
punitive	negative
punk	negative
puny negative
puny	negative
puppet negative
puppet	negative
puppets negative
puppets	negative
pure positive
pure	positive
purification positive
purify positive
purify	positive
purity positive
purposeful positive
purposeful	positive
pushy negative
puzzled negative
puzzled negative
puzzled	negative
puzzlement negative
puzzlement	negative
puzzle negative
puzzling negative
puzzling	negative
quack negative
quack	negative
quaint positive
quaint	positive
quaking negative
qualified positive
qualified	positive
qualify positive
qualify	positive
qualm	negative
qualms negative
qualms	negative
quandary negative
quandary	negative
quarrellously negative
quarrellously	negative
quarrellous negative
quarrellous	negative
quarrel negative
quarrel	negative
quarrels negative
quarrels	negative
quarrelsome negative
quarrelsome	negative
quash negative
quash	negative
quasi-ally positive
queer negative
queer	negative
quench positive
questionable negative
questionable negative
questionable	negative
questioned negative
questioning negative
quibble negative
quibble	negative
quibbles	negative
quicken positive
quicker	positive
quick neutral
quieter	positive
quiet neutral
quiet	positive
quite neutral
quit negative
quitter negative
quitter	negative
rabid	negative
racism negative
racism negative
racism	negative
racist negative
racist negative
racist	negative
racists negative
racists negative
racists	negative
rack negative
racy	negative
radiance positive
radiance	positive
radiant positive
radiant	positive
radicalization negative
radicalization	negative
radically negative
radically	negative
radical negative
radical	negative
radicals negative
radicals	negative
rageful negative
rage negative
rage negative
rage	negative
ragged negative
ragged	negative
raging negative
raging	negative
rail negative
rail	negative
rainy negative
raked	negative
rally positive
rampage negative
rampage	negative
rampant negative
rampant	negative
ramshackle negative
ramshackle	negative
rancor negative
rancor	negative
randomly	negative
rankle negative
rankle	negative
rank negative
ranted	negative
ranter negative
ranters negative
rantingly negative
rantingly	negative
ranting negative
ranting	negative
rant negative
rant negative
rant	negative
rants negative
rants	negative
raped	negative
rape negative
rape	negative
rapid neutral
rapid	positive
raping	negative
rapist negative
rapport positive
rapport	positive
rapprochement positive
rapt positive
rapt	positive
raptured positive
raptureously positive
raptureously	positive
raptureous positive
raptureous	positive
rapture positive
rapture positive
rapture	positive
raptures positive
rapturously positive
rapturously	positive
rapturous positive
rapturous positive
rapturous	positive
rarely neutral
rare neutral
rascal negative
rascal	negative
rascals	negative
rash negative
rash negative
rash	negative
rather neutral
ratified positive
rationality positive
rationalize negative
rational positive
rational	positive
rat negative
rattled	negative
rattle negative
rattle	negative
rattles	negative
ravage negative
ravage	negative
rave positive
raving negative
raving	negative
razor-sharp	positive
reachable	positive
reached positive
reaches positive
reaching positive
reach positive
reactionary negative
reactionary	negative
reaction neutral
reactions neutral
react neutral
readable	positive
readily positive
readily	positive
readiness neutral
ready positive
ready	positive
reaffirmation positive
reaffirmation	positive
reaffirm positive
reaffirm	positive
realistically positive
realistic positive
realistic	positive
realist positive
realizable	positive
realization neutral
really neutral
real positive
reasonable positive
reasonable	positive
reasonably positive
reasonably	positive
reasoned positive
reasoned	positive
reason positive
reassurance positive
reassurance	positive
reassured positive
reassure positive
reassure positive
reassure	positive
reassures positive
reassuring positive
rebellion negative
rebellious negative
rebellious	negative
rebuff negative
rebuff	negative
rebuke negative
rebuke	negative
recalcitrant negative
recalcitrant	negative
recant negative
recant	negative
receptive positive
receptive	positive
recessionary negative
recessionary	negative
recession negative
recession negative
recession	negative
recklessly negative
recklessly	negative
reckless negative
reckless negative
reckless	negative
recklessness negative
recklessness	negative
reclaim positive
reclaim	positive
recognition positive
recognizable neutral
recoil negative
recoil	negative
recomend	positive
recommendation positive
recommendation	positive
recommendations positive
recommendations	positive
recommended positive
recommended positive
recommended	positive
recommend positive
recommend positive
recommend	positive
recommends positive
recompense positive
reconcile positive
reconcile	positive
reconciliation positive
reconciliation	positive
re-conquest positive
record-setting positive
record-setting	positive
recourses negative
recourses	negative
recover positive
recover	positive
recovery	positive
rectification positive
rectification	positive
rectifying positive
rectifying	positive
rectify positive
rectify	positive
redeemed positive
redeeming positive
redeeming	positive
redeem positive
redeem	positive
redemption positive
redemption	positive
redundancy negative
redundancy	negative
redundant negative
redundant	negative
reestablish positive
refined positive
refined	positive
refinement positive
refinement	positive
refine positive
refine	positive
reflecting neutral
reflective neutral
reformed	positive
reforming	positive
reform positive
reform	positive
reforms	positive
refreshed	positive
refreshing positive
refreshing	positive
refresh positive
refresh	positive
refuge positive
refunded	positive
refund	positive
refusal negative
refusal	negative
refused negative
refused	negative
refuse negative
refuse negative
refuse	negative
refuses	negative
refusing negative
refusing	negative
refutation negative
refutation	negative
refuted	negative
refute negative
refute	negative
refutes	negative
refuting	negative
regally positive
regally	positive
regal positive
regal	positive
regardlessly neutral
regardless neutral
regard neutral
regard positive
regard	positive
regression negative
regression	negative
regressive negative
regressive	negative
regress negative
regress	negative
regreted	negative
regretfully negative
regretfully	negative
regretful negative
regretful negative
regretful	negative
regret negative
regret negative
regret	negative
regrets negative
regrets	negative
regrettable negative
regrettable	negative
regrettably negative
regrettably	negative
regretted negative
regretted	negative
regretting negative
rehabilitate positive
rehabilitation positive
reinforcement positive
reinforce positive
reiterated neutral
reiterate neutral
reiterates neutral
rejected negative
rejected	negative
rejecting negative
rejecting	negative
rejection negative
rejection	negative
reject negative
reject negative
reject	negative
rejects negative
rejects	negative
rejoiced positive
rejoice positive
rejoice positive
rejoice	positive
rejoices positive
rejoicingly positive
rejoicingly	positive
rejoicing positive
rejoicing positive
rejoicing	positive
rejuvenated	positive
rejuvenate	positive
rejuvenating	positive
relapse negative
relapse	negative
relations neutral
relaxed positive
relaxed positive
relaxed	positive
relax positive
relentlessly negative
relentlessly	negative
relentless negative
relentless negative
relentless	negative
relentlessness negative
relentlessness	negative
relent positive
relent	positive
relevance positive
relevant positive
reliability positive
reliable positive
reliable	positive
reliably positive
reliably	positive
reliant positive
relief positive
relief	positive
relieved positive
relieve positive
relieve positive
relieves positive
relieving positive
relishing positive
relish positive
relish	positive
reluctance negative
reluctance	negative
reluctantly negative
reluctantly	negative
reluctant negative
reluctant	negative
remarkable positive
remarkable positive
remarkable	positive
remarkably positive
remarkably	positive
remark neutral
remedy positive
remedy	positive
reminiscent positive
remission	positive
remorsefully negative
remorsefully	negative
remorseful negative
remorseful	negative
remorselessly negative
remorselessly	negative
remorseless negative
remorseless	negative
remorselessness negative
remorselessness	negative
remorse negative
remorse negative
remorse	negative
remunerate positive
remunerate	positive
renaissance positive
renaissance	positive
renewable neutral
renewal positive
renewed	positive
renounce negative
renounce	negative
renovate positive
renovation positive
renowned positive
renowned	positive
renown positive
renown	positive
renunciation negative
renunciation	negative
repair positive
reparation positive
repay positive
repel negative
repel	negative
repentance positive
repent positive
repetitive negative
repetitive	negative
replaceable	positive
replete neutral
reprehensible negative
reprehensible	negative
reprehensibly negative
reprehensibly	negative
reprehension negative
reprehension	negative
reprehensive negative
reprehensive	negative
repression negative
repression	negative
repressive negative
repressive	negative
repress negative
repress	negative
reprimand negative
reprimand	negative
reproachful negative
reproachful	negative
reproach negative
reproach	negative
reprove negative
reprove	negative
reprovingly negative
reprovingly	negative
repudiate negative
repudiate	negative
repudiation negative
repudiation	negative
repugnance negative
repugnance	negative
repugnantly negative
repugnantly	negative
repugnant negative
repugnant	negative
repugn negative
repugn	negative
repulsed negative
repulsed negative
repulsed	negative
repulse negative
repulse negative
repulse	negative
repulsing negative
repulsing	negative
repulsively negative
repulsively	negative
repulsive negative
repulsive	negative
repulsiveness negative
repulsiveness	negative
reputable positive
reputable	positive
reputation	positive
reputed neutral
rescued positive
rescue positive
rescue positive
rescues positive
resentful negative
resentful negative
resentful	negative
resentment negative
resentment	negative
resent negative
resent	negative
reservations negative
resignation negative
resignation	negative
resigned negative
resigned negative
resigned	negative
resigning negative
resign negative
resigns negative
resilient positive
resilient	positive
resistance negative
resistance	negative
resistant negative
resolute positive
resolute positive
resolute	positive
resolved positive
resolved positive
resolve positive
resolve positive
resolves positive
resolving positive
resounding positive
resounding	positive
resound positive
resound	positive
resourcefulness positive
resourcefulness	positive
resourceful positive
resourceful	positive
respectable positive
respectable	positive
respected positive
respectfully positive
respectfully	positive
respectful positive
respectful	positive
respect positive
respect	positive
respite positive
respite	positive
resplendent positive
resplendent	positive
responsibility positive
responsible positive
responsible positive
responsibly positive
responsibly	positive
responsive positive
responsive positive
responsive	positive
restful positive
restful positive
restful	positive
restless negative
restless negative
restless	negative
restlessness negative
restlessness	negative
restoration positive
restored positive
restored	positive
restore positive
restore positive
restores positive
restoring positive
restraint positive
restricted negative
restricted negative
restricted	negative
restricting negative
restriction negative
restriction negative
restriction	negative
restrictive negative
restrictive	negative
restrict negative
restrict negative
restrict	negative
restricts negative
restructured	positive
restructure	positive
restructuring	positive
resurgent	negative
resurgent positive
retained negative
retaliate negative
retaliate	negative
retaliatory negative
retaliatory	negative
retarded negative
retarded	negative
retardedness	negative
retard negative
retard negative
retard	negative
retards	negative
reticent negative
reticent	negative
retire negative
retractable	positive
retract negative
retract	negative
retreated	negative
retreat negative
retreat negative
retreat	negative
reunite positive
revealing neutral
reveal neutral
revelation positive
revelation	positive
revelatory neutral
revel positive
revel	positive
revengefully negative
revengefully	negative
revengeful negative
revengeful negative
revengeful	negative
revenge negative
revenge negative
revenge	negative
revered positive
reverence positive
reverence	positive
reverently positive
reverently	positive
reverent positive
reverent	positive
revere positive
revere	positive
revert negative
revert	negative
reviled negative
reviled	negative
revile negative
revile	negative
revitalize positive
revitalize	positive
revival positive
revival	positive
revive positive
revive positive
revive	positive
revives positive
revives	positive
revoke negative
revoke	negative
revoltingly negative
revoltingly	negative
revolting negative
revolting	negative
revolt negative
revolt	negative
revolutionary	positive
revolutionized	positive
revolutionize	positive
revolutionizes	positive
revolution positive
revulsion negative
revulsion	negative
revulsive negative
revulsive	negative
rewarded positive
rewardingly positive
rewardingly	positive
rewarding positive
rewarding positive
rewarding	positive
reward positive
reward positive
reward	positive
rewards positive
rhapsodize negative
rhapsodize	negative
rhetorical negative
rhetorical	negative
rhetoric negative
rhetoric	negative
ricer	negative
richer	positive
riches positive
richly positive
richly	positive
richness positive
richness	positive
rich positive
rich positive
rich	positive
ridicule negative
ridicule	negative
ridicules	negative
ridiculously negative
ridiculously	negative
ridiculous negative
ridiculous negative
ridiculous	negative
rid negative
rife negative
rife	negative
rift negative
rift	negative
rifts negative
rifts	negative
rigged negative
righten positive
righten	positive
righteously positive
righteously	positive
righteousness positive
righteousness	positive
righteous positive
righteous	positive
rightfully positive
rightfully	positive
rightful positive
rightful	positive
rightly positive
rightly	positive
rightness positive
rightness	positive
right positive
right positive
right	positive
rights positive
rigidity	negative
rigid negative
rigid	negative
rigidness	negative
rig negative
rigor negative
rigorously positive
rigorous negative
rigorous positive
riled negative
riled	negative
rile negative
rile	negative
riot negative
riots negative
ripe positive
rip	negative
rip-off	negative
ripoff	negative
ripped	negative
risk-free positive
risk-free	positive
risk negative
risk negative
risk	negative
risks negative
risks	negative
risky negative
risky	negative
rival negative
rival	negative
rivalry negative
rivalry	negative
roadblocks negative
roadblocks	negative
robber negative
robed negative
robing negative
rob negative
robs negative
robust positive
robust positive
robust	positive
rock-star	positive
rockstar	positive
rock-stars	positive
rockstars	positive
rocky negative
rocky	negative
roflcopter positive
roflmao positive
rofl positive
rogue negative
rogue	negative
rollercoaster negative
rollercoaster	negative
romance positive
romantically positive
romantically	positive
romanticize positive
romanticize	positive
romantic positive
romantic	positive
roomier	positive
roomy	positive
rosy positive
rosy	positive
rotflmfao positive
rotflol positive
rotfl positive
rot negative
rot	negative
rotten negative
rotten	negative
rough negative
rough	negative
rousing positive
rremediable	negative
rubbish negative
rubbish	negative
rude negative
rude	negative
rue negative
rue	negative
ruffian negative
ruffian	negative
ruffle negative
ruffle	negative
ruined negative
ruined	negative
ruining negative
ruining	negative
ruin negative
ruin negative
ruin	negative
ruinous negative
ruinous	negative
ruins negative
ruins	negative
rumbling negative
rumbling	negative
rumor negative
rumor	negative
rumors negative
rumors	negative
rumours negative
rumours	negative
rumple negative
rumple	negative
runaway negative
runaway	negative
run-down negative
run-down	negative
rupture negative
rupture	negative
rust	negative
rusts	negative
rusty negative
rusty	negative
ruthlessly negative
ruthlessly	negative
ruthless negative
ruthless	negative
ruthlessness negative
ruthlessness	negative
rut	negative
ruts	negative
sabotage negative
sabotage negative
sabotage	negative
sack	negative
sacred positive
sacrificed	negative
sacrifice negative
saddened negative
sadden negative
sadden negative
sadden	negative
sadly negative
sadly negative
sadly	negative
sad negative
sad negative
sad	negative
sadness negative
sadness	negative
safeguard positive
safely positive
safely	positive
safe positive
safe positive
safe	positive
safety positive
sagacity positive
sagacity	positive
sagely positive
sagely	positive
sage positive
sagged	negative
sagging	negative
saggy	negative
sag negative
sag	negative
sags	negative
saintliness positive
saintliness	positive
saintly positive
saintly	positive
saint positive
saint	positive
salable positive
salacious negative
salacious	negative
salient positive
salivate positive
salutary positive
salutary	positive
salute positive
salute	positive
salvation positive
sanctify positive
sanctimonious negative
sanctimonious	negative
sanction positive
sanctity positive
sanctuary positive
sane positive
sane	positive
sanguine positive
sanity positive
sap negative
sap	negative
sappy negative
sarcasm negative
sarcasm	negative
sarcastically negative
sarcastically	negative
sarcastic negative
sarcastic negative
sarcastic	negative
sardonically negative
sardonically	negative
sardonic negative
sardonic	negative
sass negative
sass	negative
satirical negative
satirical	negative
satirize negative
satirize	negative
satisfaction positive
satisfactorily positive
satisfactorily	positive
satisfactory positive
satisfactory	positive
satisfied positive
satisfied	positive
satisfies	positive
satisfying positive
satisfying	positive
satisfy positive
satisfy	positive
satisified	positive
savaged negative
savaged	negative
savagely negative
savage negative
savage	negative
savagery negative
savagery	negative
savages negative
savages	negative
saved positive
save positive
saver	positive
savings	positive
savior	positive
savor positive
savvy positive
savvy	positive
scaly	negative
scam negative
scam	negative
scams negative
scams	negative
scandalized negative
scandalized	negative
scandalize negative
scandalize	negative
scandal negative
scandal negative
scandal	negative
scandalously negative
scandalously	negative
scandalous negative
scandalous negative
scandalous	negative
scandals negative
scandals negative
scandals	negative
scandel	negative
scandels	negative
scant negative
scant	negative
scapegoat negative
scapegoat negative
scapegoat	negative
scapegoats negative
scarcely negative
scarcely	negative
scarce negative
scarce	negative
scarcity negative
scarcity	negative
scared negative
scared negative
scared	negative
scare negative
scare negative
scare	negative
scarier negative
scarier	negative
scariest negative
scariest	negative
scarily negative
scarily	negative
scar negative
scar	negative
scarred negative
scarred	negative
scars negative
scars	negative
scary negative
scary negative
scary	negative
scathingly negative
scathingly	negative
scathing negative
scathing	negative
scenic positive
scenic	positive
sceptical negative
sceptical	negative
scheme negative
scheming negative
scholarly neutral
scoffingly negative
scoffingly	negative
scoff negative
scoff	negative
scolded	negative
scoldingly negative
scoldingly	negative
scolding negative
scolding	negative
scold negative
scold negative
scold	negative
scoop positive
scorchingly negative
scorchingly	negative
scorching negative
scorching	negative
scornfully negative
scornfully	negative
scornful negative
scornful negative
scornful	negative
scorn negative
scorn negative
scorn	negative
scoundrel negative
scoundrel	negative
scourge negative
scourge	negative
scowl negative
scowl	negative
scrambled	negative
scramble	negative
scrambles	negative
scrambling	negative
scrap	negative
scratched	negative
scratches	negative
scratch	negative
scratchy	negative
screamed negative
screamingly neutral
screaming negative
screaming neutral
scream negative
scream negative
scream	negative
screams negative
screech negative
screech	negative
screwed negative
screwed	negative
screwed positive
screwed-up	negative
screw negative
screw-up	negative
screwy	negative
scruples positive
scrupulously positive
scrupulous positive
scrutinize neutral
scrutiny neutral
scuff	negative
scuffs	negative
scumbag negative
scummy negative
scummy	negative
scum negative
scum	negative
seamless positive
seamless	positive
seasoned positive
seasoned	positive
second-class negative
second-class	negative
second-tier negative
second-tier	negative
secretive negative
secretive	negative
secured positive
securely positive
securely	positive
secure positive
secure positive
secure	positive
secures positive
security positive
sedentary negative
sedentary	negative
sedition negative
seditious negative
seduced negative
seductive positive
seedy negative
seedy	negative
seemingly neutral
seem neutral
seethe negative
seethe	negative
seething negative
seething	negative
selective positive
selective	positive
self-confident positive
self-coup negative
self-coup	negative
self-criticism negative
self-criticism	negative
self-defeating negative
self-defeating	negative
self-deluded negative
self-destructive negative
self-destructive	negative
self-determination positive
self-determination	positive
self-examination neutral
self-humiliation negative
self-humiliation	negative
self-interested negative
self-interested	negative
selfinterested negative
selfinterested	negative
self-interest negative
self-interest	negative
selfishly negative
selfishly	negative
selfish negative
selfish negative
selfish	negative
selfishness negative
selfishness negative
selfishness	negative
self-respect positive
self-respect	positive
self-satisfaction positive
self-satisfaction	positive
self-serving negative
self-serving	negative
self-sufficiency positive
self-sufficiency	positive
self-sufficient positive
self-sufficient	positive
semblance positive
semi-retarded	negative
senile negative
senile	negative
sensationalize negative
sensationalize	negative
sensationally positive
sensationally	positive
sensational positive
sensational	positive
sensation positive
sensation	positive
sensations positive
sensations	positive
senselessly negative
senselessly	negative
senseless negative
senseless	negative
sense positive
sensible positive
sensible	positive
sensibly positive
sensibly	positive
sensitively positive
sensitive positive
sensitive	positive
sensitivity positive
sentenced negative
sentence negative
sentences negative
sentencing negative
sentimentality positive
sentimentally positive
sentiment positive
sentiments positive
serene positive
serene positive
serene	positive
serenity positive
serenity	positive
seriously negative
serious negative
seriousness negative
seriousness	negative
sermonize negative
sermonize	negative
servitude negative
servitude	negative
setback	negative
setbacks	negative
settle positive
set-up negative
set-up	negative
severely negative
severe negative
severe negative
severe	negative
severity negative
severity	negative
sever negative
sever	negative
sexy positive
sexy positive
sexy	positive
shabby negative
shabby	negative
shadow negative
shadowy negative
shadowy	negative
shady negative
shady	negative
shake negative
shake	negative
shaky negative
shaky negative
shaky	negative
shallow negative
shallow	negative
shambles negative
shambles	negative
shamed negative
shamefully negative
shamefully	negative
shameful negative
shameful negative
shameful	negative
shamefulness negative
shamefulness	negative
shamelessly negative
shamelessly	negative
shameless negative
shameless	negative
shamelessness negative
shamelessness	negative
shame negative
shame negative
shame	negative
sham negative
sham	negative
shared positive
share positive
shares positive
shark negative
shark	negative
sharper	positive
sharpest	positive
sharply negative
sharply	negative
sharp negative
sharp	positive
shattered negative
shatter negative
shatter	negative
sheer negative
shelter positive
shemale	negative
shield positive
shimmeringly positive
shimmeringly	positive
shimmering positive
shimmering	positive
shimmer	negative
shimmer positive
shimmy	negative
shine positive
shine	positive
shiny positive
shiny	positive
shipwreck negative
shipwreck	negative
shirker negative
shirker	negative
shirk negative
shirk	negative
shithead negative
shit negative
shit	negative
shitty negative
shiver negative
shiver	negative
shocked negative
shocked	negative
shockingly negative
shockingly	negative
shocking negative
shocking negative
shocking	negative
shock negative
shock negative
shock	negative
shocks negative
shoddy negative
shoddy	negative
shoot negative
shortage negative
shortage negative
shortage	negative
shortages negative
shortchange negative
shortchange	negative
shortcoming negative
shortcoming	negative
shortcomings negative
shortcomings	negative
short-lived negative
short-lived	negative
shortness	negative
short-sighted negative
shortsighted negative
shortsighted	negative
short-sightedness negative
shortsightedness negative
shortsightedness	negative
should neutral
showdown negative
showdown	negative
show neutral
shred negative
shrewdly positive
shrewdness positive
shrewd positive
shrew negative
shrew negative
shrew	negative
shriek negative
shriek	negative
shrill negative
shrill	negative
shrilly negative
shrilly	negative
shrivel negative
shrivel	negative
shrouded negative
shrouded	negative
shroud negative
shroud	negative
shrug negative
shrug	negative
sh*t	negative
shunned negative
shunned	negative
shun negative
shun	negative
shyly negative
shy negative
shy negative
shyness negative
sickeningly negative
sickeningly	negative
sickening negative
sickening	negative
sicken negative
sicken	negative
sickly negative
sickly	negative
sick negative
sick negative
sick	negative
sickness negative
sickness	negative
sidetracked negative
sidetracked	negative
sidetrack negative
sidetrack	negative
siege negative
siege	negative
sigh negative
signals neutral
significance positive
significance positive
significant positive
significant positive
significant	positive
signify positive
silencing negative
silent	positive
sillily negative
sillily	negative
silly negative
silly negative
silly	negative
simmer negative
simple positive
simpler	positive
simplest	positive
simplicity positive
simplified positive
simplified	positive
simplifies	positive
simplifying	positive
simplify positive
simplify	positive
simplistically negative
simplistically	negative
simplistic negative
simplistic	negative
simply neutral
sincerely positive
sincerely positive
sincerely	positive
sincere positive
sincere positive
sincere	positive
sincerest positive
sincerity positive
sincerity positive
sincerity	positive
sinfully negative
sinfully	negative
sinful negative
sinful negative
sinful	negative
singleminded negative
sinisterly negative
sinisterly	negative
sinister negative
sinister	negative
sinking negative
sinking	negative
sink	negative
sin negative
sin	negative
skeletons negative
skeletons	negative
skeptically negative
skeptically	negative
skeptical negative
skeptical negative
skeptical	negative
skepticism negative
skepticism negative
skepticism	negative
skeptic negative
skeptic	negative
skeptics negative
sketchy negative
sketchy	negative
skilled positive
skilled	positive
skillfully positive
skillfully	positive
skillful positive
skillful	positive
skill positive
skill	positive
skimpy negative
skimpy	negative
skinny	negative
skittishly negative
skittishly	negative
skittish negative
skittish	negative
skulk negative
skulk	negative
skyrocketing negative
slack negative
slack	negative
slammin	positive
slam negative
slanderer negative
slanderer	negative
slander negative
slander	negative
slanderously negative
slanderously	negative
slanderous negative
slanderous	negative
slanders negative
slanders	negative
slap negative
slap	negative
slashed negative
slashes negative
slashing negative
slashing negative
slashing	negative
slash negative
slaughtered negative
slaughtered	negative
slaughter negative
slaughter	negative
slave	negative
slavery negative
slaves negative
slaves	negative
sleazy negative
sleazy	negative
sleek positive
sleek	positive
sleeplessness negative
sleepy neutral
slender positive
slicker positive
slickest positive
slick positive
slick	positive
slightly negative
slight negative
slime negative
slime	negative
slim positive
slogged	negative
slogging	negative
slog	negative
slogs	negative
sloooooooooooooow	negative
sloooow	negative
slooow	negative
sloow	negative
sloppily negative
sloppily	negative
sloppy negative
sloppy	negative
slothful negative
slothful	negative
sloth negative
sloth	negative
slowed	negative
slower	negative
slowest	negative
slowly negative
slowly	negative
slow-moving negative
slow-moving	negative
slow negative
slow	negative
sloww	negative
slowww	negative
slowwww	negative
sluggish negative
sluggish negative
sluggish	negative
slug negative
slug	negative
slumping	negative
slump negative
slump	negative
slumpping	negative
slur negative
slur	negative
slut negative
slut	negative
sluts	negative
sly negative
sly	negative
smack negative
smack	negative
smallish	negative
smarter positive
smarter positive
smarter	positive
smartest positive
smartest positive
smartest	positive
smartly positive
smartly	positive
smart positive
smart positive
smart	positive
smash negative
smash	negative
smear negative
smear negative
smear	negative
smelled	negative
smelling negative
smelling	negative
smell	negative
smells	negative
smelly	negative
smelt	negative
smiled positive
smile positive
smile positive
smile	positive
smiles positive
smiles	positive
smilingly positive
smilingly	positive
smiling positive
smiling positive
smiling	positive
smitten positive
smitten	positive
smog negative
smoke	negative
smokescreen negative
smokescreen	negative
smoldering negative
smoldering	negative
smolder negative
smolder	negative
smoother	positive
smoothes	positive
smoothest	positive
smoothly	positive
smooth positive
smooth	positive
smother negative
smother	negative
smouldering negative
smouldering	negative
smoulder negative
smoulder	negative
smudged	negative
smudge	negative
smudges	negative
smudging	negative
smugly negative
smugly	negative
smug negative
smug	negative
smut negative
smut	negative
smuttier negative
smuttier	negative
smuttiest negative
smuttiest	negative
smutty negative
smutty	negative
snagged	negative
snagging	negative
snag	negative
snags	negative
snappishly	negative
snappish	negative
snappy	positive
snare negative
snare	negative
snarky	negative
snarl negative
snarl	negative
snatch negative
snazzy	positive
sneakily negative
sneakily	negative
sneak negative
sneak	negative
sneaky negative
sneaky negative
sneaky	negative
sneeringly negative
sneeringly	negative
sneering negative
sneering	negative
sneer negative
sneer	negative
snobbish	negative
snobby	negative
snobish	negative
snob	negative
snobs	negative
snubbed negative
snubbing negative
snub negative
snub negative
snub	negative
snubs negative
soapy	negative
sobering negative
sobering	negative
sobering positive
sober negative
sober	negative
sob negative
sob	negative
so-called negative
so-cal negative
so-cal	negative
sociable positive
sociable	positive
soften positive
softer	positive
soft	positive
soft-spoken positive
solace positive
solace	positive
solemn negative
solemn negative
solemn	negative
solicitously positive
solicitously	positive
solicitous positive
solicitous	positive
solicitude	negative
solicitude positive
solidarity positive
solidarity positive
solidarity	positive
solid positive
solid positive
solid	positive
soliloquize neutral
solution positive
solutions positive
solved positive
solve positive
solves positive
solving positive
somber negative
somber negative
somber	negative
some positive
so neutral
son-of-a-bitch negative
soothed positive
soothe positive
soothe positive
soothe	positive
soothingly positive
soothingly	positive
soothing positive
sophisticated positive
sophisticated positive
sophisticated	positive
sorely negative
sorely	negative
sore negative
sore negative
sore	negative
soreness negative
soreness	negative
sorrowfully negative
sorrowfully	negative
sorrowful negative
sorrowful negative
sorrowful	negative
sorrow negative
sorrow negative
sorrow	negative
sorry negative
sorry negative
sorry	negative
soulful	positive
sounding negative
soundly	positive
soundness positive
soundness	positive
sound positive
sourly negative
sourly	negative
sour negative
sour	negative
sovereignty neutral
spacious positive
spacious	positive
spade negative
spade	negative
spammer negative
spammers negative
spamming negative
spam negative
spank negative
spank	negative
spare positive
sparingly positive
sparing positive
sparkle positive
sparkle positive
sparkle	positive
sparkles positive
sparkling positive
sparkling positive
sparkling	positive
spark positive
special positive
specifically neutral
specific neutral
spectacularly positive
spectacularly	positive
spectacular positive
spectacular	positive
speculate neutral
speculation neutral
speculative negative
speedily	positive
speedy positive
speedy	positive
spellbindingly positive
spellbindingly	positive
spellbinding positive
spellbinding	positive
spellbind positive
spellbind	positive
spellbound positive
spellbound	positive
spendy	negative
spewed	negative
spewing	negative
spew	negative
spews	negative
spilling negative
spilling	negative
spinster negative
spinster	negative
spirited positive
spirited positive
spirited	positive
spiritless negative
spiritless negative
spiritless	negative
spirit positive
spirit positive
spiritual positive
spiritual	positive
spitefully negative
spitefully	negative
spiteful negative
spiteful negative
spiteful	negative
spitefulness negative
spitefulness	negative
spite negative
spite	negative
splatter	negative
splayed-finger neutral
splendidly positive
splendidly	positive
splendid positive
splendid positive
splendid	positive
splendor positive
splendor	positive
split negative
split	negative
splitting negative
splitting	negative
spoilage	negative
spoilages	negative
spoiled	negative
spoilled	negative
spoil negative
spoil	negative
spoils	negative
spontaneous	positive
spookier negative
spookier	negative
spookiest negative
spookiest	negative
spookily negative
spookily	negative
spook negative
spook	negative
spooky negative
spooky	negative
spoon-fed negative
spoon-fed	negative
spoonfed negative
spoonfed	negative
spoon-feed negative
spoon-feed	negative
sporadic negative
sporadic	negative
sporty	positive
spotless positive
spotless	positive
spot negative
spotty negative
spotty	negative
sprightly positive
sprightly positive
sprightly	positive
spurious negative
spurious	negative
spurn negative
spurn	negative
spur positive
sputter negative
sputter	negative
squabble negative
squabble	negative
squabbling negative
squabbling	negative
squander negative
squander	negative
squarely positive
squash negative
squash	negative
squeak	negative
squeaks	negative
squeaky	negative
squealing	negative
squeal	negative
squeals	negative
squelched negative
squirm negative
squirm	negative
stabbed negative
stability positive
stability	positive
stabilize positive
stabilize	positive
stable positive
stable positive
stable	positive
stab negative
stab negative
stab	negative
stabs negative
staggeringly negative
staggering negative
stagger negative
stagnant negative
stagnant	negative
stagnate negative
stagnate	negative
stagnation negative
stagnation	negative
staid negative
staid	negative
stainless positive
stainless	positive
stain negative
stain	negative
stains	negative
stake negative
stalemate negative
stalemate	negative
stale negative
stale	negative
stalled negative
stalling negative
stall negative
stall	negative
stalls	negative
stamina positive
stammer negative
stammer	negative
stampede negative
stampede negative
stampede	negative
stance neutral
stances neutral
standout	positive
stand positive
stands neutral
standstill negative
standstill	negative
starkly negative
starkly	negative
stark negative
stark	negative
star positive
stars positive
startled negative
startle negative
startle	negative
startlingly negative
startlingly	negative
startling negative
startling	negative
starvation negative
starvation	negative
starved negative
starve negative
starve negative
starve	negative
starves negative
starving negative
stately positive
stately	positive
statements neutral
state-of-the-art	positive
static negative
static	negative
statuesque positive
statuesque	positive
staunchly positive
staunchly	positive
staunchness positive
staunchness	positive
staunch positive
staunch	positive
steadfastly positive
steadfastly	positive
steadfastness positive
steadfastness	positive
steadfast positive
steadfast positive
steadfast	positive
steadiest	positive
steadiness positive
steadiness	positive
steady positive
steady	positive
stealing negative
stealing	negative
steal negative
steal negative
steal	negative
steals negative
steals	negative
steeply negative
steeply	negative
steep negative
steep	negative
stellarly positive
stellarly	positive
stellar positive
stellar	positive
stench negative
stench	negative
stereotyped negative
stereotype negative
stereotype negative
stereotype	negative
stereotypically negative
stereotypically	negative
stereotypical negative
stereotypical	negative
stern negative
stern	negative
stew negative
stew	negative
sticky negative
sticky	negative
stiff negative
stiff	negative
stiffness	negative
stifled negative
stifle negative
stifle	negative
stiflingly negative
stiflingly	negative
stifling negative
stifling	negative
stigma negative
stigma	negative
stigmatize negative
stigmatize	negative
still neutral
stimulated positive
stimulate positive
stimulate positive
stimulate	positive
stimulates positive
stimulates	positive
stimulating positive
stimulating positive
stimulating	positive
stimulative positive
stimulative	positive
stingingly negative
stingingly	negative
stinging negative
stinging	negative
sting negative
sting	negative
stingy negative
stingy	negative
stinking negative
stink negative
stink	negative
stinks	negative
stir neutral
stirringly positive
stirringly	positive
stirring positive
stodgy negative
stodgy	negative
stole negative
stole	negative
stolen negative
stolen negative
stolen	negative
stood positive
stooge negative
stooge	negative
stooges negative
stooges	negative
stop negative
stopped negative
stopping negative
stops negative
storm negative
stormy negative
stormy	negative
stout positive
straggle negative
straggle	negative
straggler negative
straggler	negative
straighten	positive
straightforward positive
straightforward	positive
straight positive
straight positive
strained negative
strained	negative
straining	negative
strain negative
strain	negative
strangely negative
strangely negative
strangely	negative
strange negative
strange negative
strange	negative
stranger negative
stranger	negative
strangest negative
strangest	negative
strangled negative
strangle negative
strangle	negative
streaky	negative
streamlined positive
streamlined	positive
strengthened positive
strengthening positive
strengthen positive
strengthens positive
strength neutral
strength positive
strenuous negative
strenuous	negative
stressed negative
stresses	negative
stressfully negative
stressfully	negative
stressful negative
stressful	negative
stress negative
stress	negative
stressor negative
stressors negative
stricken negative
stricken negative
stricken	negative
strictly negative
strictly	negative
strict negative
strict	negative
stridently negative
stridently	negative
strident negative
strident	negative
stride positive
strides positive
strife negative
strife	negative
strike negative
strike negative
strike	negative
strikers negative
strikes negative
strikingly positive
strikingly	positive
striking positive
striking	positive
stringently negative
stringently	negative
stringent negative
stringent	negative
striving positive
striving	positive
stronger positive
stronger	positive
stronger-than-expected neutral
strongest positive
strongest	positive
strong positive
strong positive
strong	positive
struck negative
struck negative
struck	negative
struggled negative
struggled	negative
struggle negative
struggle negative
struggle	negative
struggles negative
struggles	negative
struggling negative
struggling	negative
strut negative
strut	negative
stubbornly negative
stubbornly	negative
stubborn negative
stubborn negative
stubborn	negative
stubbornness negative
stubbornness	negative
stuck negative
stuck	negative
studiously positive
studious positive
stuffed neutral
stuffy negative
stuffy	negative
stumbled	negative
stumble negative
stumble	negative
stumbles	negative
stumped	negative
stump negative
stump	negative
stumps	negative
stunned negative
stunned positive
stunned	positive
stun negative
stun	negative
stunningly positive
stunningly	positive
stunning positive
stunning positive
stunning	positive
stunted negative
stunted	negative
stunt negative
stunt	negative
stupefy neutral
stupendously positive
stupendously	positive
stupendous positive
stupendous	positive
stupidest	negative
stupidity negative
stupidity	negative
stupidly negative
stupidly negative
stupidly	negative
stupid negative
stupid negative
stupid	negative
stupified negative
stupified	negative
stupify negative
stupify	negative
stupor negative
stupor	negative
sturdier	positive
sturdy positive
sturdy	positive
stuttered	negative
stuttering	negative
stutter	negative
stutters	negative
stylishly positive
stylishly	positive
stylish positive
stylish	positive
stylized	positive
stymied	negative
sty negative
sty	negative
suavely	positive
suave positive
suave positive
suave	positive
subdued negative
subdued	negative
subjected negative
subjected	negative
subjection negative
subjection	negative
subjugate negative
subjugate	negative
subjugation negative
subjugation	negative
sublime positive
sublime	positive
submissive negative
submissive	negative
subordinate negative
subordinate	negative
sub-par	negative
subpoena	negative
subpoenas	negative
subscribe positive
subservience negative
subservience	negative
subservient negative
subservient	negative
subside negative
subsidized	positive
subsidize	positive
subsidizes	positive
subsidizing	positive
substandard negative
substandard	negative
substantially positive
substantially positive
substantial positive
substantial positive
substantive positive
substantive	positive
subtle positive
subtract negative
subtract	negative
subversion negative
subversion	negative
subversively negative
subversively	negative
subversive negative
subversive negative
subversive	negative
subvert negative
subvert	negative
succeeded	positive
succeeding	positive
succeed positive
succeed	positive
succeeds	positive
succes	positive
successes	positive
successfully positive
successfully	positive
successful positive
successful positive
successful	positive
success positive
success positive
success	positive
succumb negative
succumb	negative
such neutral
sucked	negative
sucker negative
sucker	negative
suck negative
suck	negative
sucks negative
sucks	negative
sucky	negative
sued	negative
sueing	negative
sue	negative
sues	negative
suffered	negative
sufferer negative
sufferer	negative
sufferers negative
sufferers	negative
suffering negative
suffering negative
suffering	negative
suffer negative
suffer negative
suffer	negative
suffers negative
suffers	negative
sufficed	positive
suffice positive
suffice	positive
suffices	positive
sufficiently positive
sufficiently	positive
sufficient positive
sufficient	positive
suffocate negative
suffocate	negative
sugar-coated negative
sugar-coated	negative
sugarcoated negative
sugarcoated	negative
sugar-coat negative
sugar-coat	negative
suggestions positive
suggest positive
suicidal negative
suicidal negative
suicidal	negative
suicide negative
suicide negative
suicide	negative
suing negative
suitable positive
suitable	positive
suit positive
sulking negative
sulk negative
sulk	negative
sulky negative
sullen negative
sullen negative
sullen	negative
sully negative
sully	negative
sumptuously positive
sumptuously	positive
sumptuousness positive
sumptuousness	positive
sumptuous positive
sumptuous	positive
sunder negative
sunder	negative
sunken	negative
sunk	negative
sunny positive
sunshine positive
superbly positive
superbly	positive
superb positive
superb positive
superb	positive
superficiality negative
superficiality	negative
superficially negative
superficially	negative
superficial negative
superficial	negative
superfluous negative
superfluous	negative
superiority negative
superiority	positive
superior positive
superior positive
superior	positive
superlative positive
super positive
super positive
super	positive
superstition negative
superstition	negative
superstitious negative
superstitious	negative
supple	positive
supported positive
supported	positive
supporter positive
supporter positive
supporter	positive
supporters positive
supporting positive
supporting	positive
supportive positive
supportive positive
supportive	positive
support positive
support positive
support	positive
supports positive
supports	positive
supposed negative
suppose neutral
supposing neutral
suppression negative
suppression	negative
suppress negative
suppress	negative
supremacy negative
supremacy	positive
supremely positive
supremely	positive
supreme positive
supreme	positive
supurbly positive
supurbly	positive
supurb positive
supurb	positive
surely positive
sure positive
surge positive
surging positive
surmise positive
surmount positive
surmount	positive
surpass positive
surpass	positive
surprise neutral
surprisingly neutral
surprising neutral
surreal	positive
surrender negative
surrender	negative
survival positive
survival	positive
survived positive
survive positive
surviving positive
survivor positive
survivor positive
survivor	positive
susceptible negative
susceptible	negative
suspected negative
suspecting negative
suspect negative
suspect negative
suspect	negative
suspects negative
suspended negative
suspend negative
suspicion negative
suspicion	negative
suspicions negative
suspicions	negative
suspiciously negative
suspiciously	negative
suspicious negative
suspicious negative
suspicious	negative
sustainability positive
sustainability	positive
sustainable positive
sustainable	positive
sustained positive
swagger negative
swagger	negative
swamped negative
swamped	negative
swankier	positive
swankiest	positive
swank	positive
swanky	positive
swearing negative
swear negative
swear negative
swears negative
sweaty	negative
sweeping positive
sweeping	positive
sweeten positive
sweeten	positive
sweetheart positive
sweetheart	positive
sweetly positive
sweetly	positive
sweetness positive
sweetness	positive
sweet positive
sweet positive
sweet	positive
swelled	negative
swelling	negative
swiftly positive
swiftness positive
swiftness	positive
swift positive
swift positive
swift	positive
swindle negative
swindle negative
swindle	negative
swindles negative
swindling negative
swing neutral
swipe negative
swipe	negative
swollen	negative
swoon negative
swore negative
sworn positive
sympathetically negative
sympathetic negative
sympathetic positive
sympathies negative
sympathize negative
sympathy negative
sympathy positive
symptom negative
symptom	negative
symptoms	negative
syndrome negative
syndrome	negative
systematic neutral
taboo negative
taboo	negative
tacky	negative
tact positive
tainted negative
tainted	negative
taint negative
taint	negative
tale neutral
talented positive
talented	positive
talent positive
talent	positive
talents	positive
tall neutral
tamper negative
tamper	negative
tangled negative
tangled	negative
tangle	negative
tangles	negative
tanked	negative
tank	negative
tanks	negative
tantalize positive
tantalize	positive
tantalizingly positive
tantalizingly	positive
tantalizing positive
tantalizing	positive
tantamount neutral
tantrum negative
tantrum	negative
tard negative
tardy negative
tardy	negative
tarnished	negative
tarnishes	negative
tarnishing	negative
tarnish negative
tarnish	negative
taste neutral
taste positive
tattered negative
tattered	negative
tauntingly negative
tauntingly	negative
taunting negative
taunting	negative
taunt negative
taunt	negative
taunts negative
taunts	negative
taut	negative
tawdry negative
tawdry	negative
taxing negative
taxing	negative
tears negative
tease negative
tease	negative
teasingly negative
teasingly	negative
tediously negative
tediously	negative
tedious negative
tedious	negative
temerity negative
temerity	negative
temperance positive
temperate positive
temper negative
temper	negative
tempest negative
tempest	negative
temptation negative
temptation	negative
temptingly positive
temptingly	positive
tempting positive
tempting	positive
tempt positive
tempt	positive
tenaciously positive
tenaciously	positive
tenacious positive
tenacious	positive
tenacity positive
tenacity	positive
tendency neutral
tenderly positive
tenderly	positive
tenderness	negative
tenderness positive
tender positive
tender positive
tender	positive
tense negative
tense negative
tense	negative
tension negative
tension negative
tension	negative
tentatively negative
tentatively	negative
tentative negative
tentative	negative
tenuously negative
tenuously	negative
tenuous negative
tenuous	negative
tepid negative
tepid	negative
terrible negative
terrible negative
terrible	negative
terribleness negative
terribleness	negative
terribly negative
terribly negative
terribly	negative
terrifically positive
terrifically	positive
terrific positive
terrific positive
terrific	positive
terrified negative
terrified positive
terrifyingly positive
terrifying positive
terrify positive
terror-genic negative
terror-genic	negative
terrorism negative
terrorism	negative
terrorized negative
terrorize negative
terrorize negative
terrorize	negative
terrorizes negative
terror negative
terror negative
terror	negative
testily	negative
testy	negative
tetchily	negative
tetchy	negative
thankfully positive
thankful positive
thankful positive
thankful	positive
thankless negative
thankless	negative
thank positive
thank positive
thank	positive
thanks positive
theoretize neutral
therefore neutral
thicker	negative
thinkable positive
thinking neutral
think neutral
thinner	positive
thirst negative
thirst	negative
thorny negative
thorny negative
thorny	negative
thorough positive
though neutral
thoughtfully positive
thoughtfully	positive
thoughtfulness positive
thoughtfulness	positive
thoughtful positive
thoughtful positive
thoughtful	positive
thoughtlessly negative
thoughtlessly	negative
thoughtless negative
thoughtless negative
thoughtless	negative
thoughtlessness negative
thoughtlessness	negative
thought neutral
thrash negative
thrash	negative
threatened negative
threatening negative
threatening negative
threatening	negative
threaten negative
threaten negative
threaten	negative
threatens negative
threat negative
threat negative
threat	negative
threats negative
threats negative
threats	negative
threesome	negative
thrift positive
thrift	positive
thrifty positive
thrifty	positive
thrilled positive
thrilled	positive
thrillingly positive
thrillingly	positive
thrilling positive
thrilling	positive
thrill positive
thrill	positive
thrills positive
thrills	positive
thrive positive
thrive	positive
thriving positive
thriving	positive
throbbed	negative
throbbing	negative
throb	negative
throbs	negative
throttle negative
throttle	negative
throw negative
thug	negative
thumb-down	negative
thumb negative
thumbs-down	negative
thumbs negative
thumbs-up	positive
thumb-up	positive
thusly neutral
thus neutral
thwarted negative
thwarting negative
thwart negative
thwart negative
thwart	negative
thwarts negative
tickle positive
tickle	positive
tidy positive
tidy	positive
time-consuming	negative
time-honored positive
time-honored	positive
timely positive
timely	positive
timidity negative
timidity	negative
timidly negative
timidly	negative
timid negative
timid negative
timid	negative
timidness negative
timidness	negative
timorous negative
tingled	negative
tingle positive
tingle	positive
tingling	negative
tint neutral
tin-y	negative
tiny negative
tired negative
tired negative
tired	negative
tire negative
tiresome negative
tiresome	negative
tiringly negative
tiringly	negative
tiring negative
tiring	negative
titillate positive
titillate	positive
titillatingly positive
titillatingly	positive
titillating positive
titillating	positive
tits negative
toast positive
togetherness positive
togetherness	positive
toil negative
toil	negative
tolerable positive
tolerable	positive
tolerably positive
tolerance positive
tolerantly positive
tolerant positive
tolerant positive
tolerate positive
toleration positive
toll-free	positive
toll negative
toll	negative
too negative
toothless negative
top-heavy	negative
top-notch	positive
topnotch	positive
topple negative
topple	negative
top positive
top positive
top	positive
top-quality	positive
tops positive
tops	positive
tormented negative
tormented	negative
torment negative
torment	negative
torn negative
torrent negative
torrent	negative
torridly positive
torrid positive
tortuous negative
tortuous	negative
tortured negative
tortured negative
tortured	negative
torture negative
torture negative
torture	negative
tortures negative
tortures	negative
torturing negative
torturing	negative
torturously negative
torturously	negative
torturous negative
torturous	negative
totalitarianism negative
totalitarian negative
totalitarian negative
totalitarian	negative
touches neutral
touch neutral
touchy negative
touchy	negative
tougher	positive
toughest	positive
toughness negative
toughness	negative
tough	positive
touted negative
touted	negative
touting negative
tout negative
tout	negative
touts negative
touts	negative
toxic negative
toxic	negative
traction	positive
traditional positive
tradition positive
traduce negative
traduce	negative
tragedy negative
tragedy negative
tragedy	negative
tragically negative
tragically	negative
tragic negative
tragic negative
tragic	negative
traitor negative
traitor	negative
traitorously negative
traitorously	negative
traitorous negative
traitorous	negative
trample negative
trample	negative
tramp negative
tramp	negative
tranquility positive
tranquility	positive
tranquil positive
tranquil positive
tranquil	positive
transgression negative
transgression	negative
transgress negative
transgress	negative
transparency neutral
transparent neutral
transparent	positive
transport neutral
traped	negative
trap negative
trap	negative
trapped negative
trapped	negative
trashed	negative
trash	negative
trashy	negative
trauma negative
trauma negative
trauma	negative
traumatically negative
traumatically	negative
traumatic negative
traumatic negative
traumatic	negative
traumatized negative
traumatized	negative
traumatize negative
traumatize	negative
travesties negative
travesties	negative
travesty negative
travesty negative
travesty	negative
treacherously negative
treacherously	negative
treacherous negative
treacherous	negative
treachery negative
treachery	negative
treason negative
treason negative
treason	negative
treasonous negative
treasonous negative
treasonous	negative
treasure positive
treasure positive
treasure	positive
treasures positive
treat positive
trembling negative
tremendously positive
tremendously	positive
tremendous positive
tremulous negative
trendy positive
trendy	positive
trepidation positive
trial negative
tribute positive
tricked negative
tricked	negative
trickery negative
trickery negative
trickery	negative
trick negative
trick	negative
tricky negative
tricky	negative
trim positive
triumphal positive
triumphal	positive
triumphantly positive
triumphantly	positive
triumphant positive
triumphant positive
triumphant	positive
triumph positive
triumph positive
triumph	positive
trivialize negative
trivialize	negative
trivially negative
trivially	positive
trivial negative
trivial	negative
trophy	positive
troubled negative
troubled	negative
trouble-free	positive
troublemaker negative
troublemaker	negative
trouble negative
trouble negative
trouble	negative
troubles negative
troubles	negative
troublesomely negative
troublesomely	negative
troublesome negative
troublesome	negative
troublingly negative
troublingly	negative
troubling negative
troubling	negative
truant negative
truant	negative
truculently positive
truculent positive
true positive
true positive
truly positive
trumpet positive
trumpet	positive
trump positive
trump	positive
trusted positive
trusted	positive
trustingly positive
trustingly	positive
trusting positive
trusting	positive
trust positive
trust positive
trust	positive
trustworthiness positive
trustworthiness	positive
trustworthy positive
trustworthy	positive
trusty	positive
truthfully positive
truthfully	positive
truthfulness positive
truthfulness	positive
truthful positive
truthful	positive
truth positive
trying negative
try negative
tumbled	negative
tumble	negative
tumbles	negative
tumor negative
tumultuous negative
tumultuous	negative
turbulent negative
turbulent	negative
turmoil negative
turmoil	negative
twat negative
twinkly positive
twinkly	positive
twisted negative
twisted	negative
twist negative
twist	negative
twists negative
twists	negative
two-faced	negative
two-faces	negative
tyrannically negative
tyrannically	negative
tyrannical negative
tyrannical	negative
tyranny negative
tyranny	negative
tyrant negative
tyrant	negative
ugh negative
ugh	negative
uglier	negative
ugliest	negative
ugliness negative
ugliness	negative
ugly negative
ugly negative
ugly	negative
ulterior negative
ulterior	negative
ultimately positive
ultimate positive
ultimatum negative
ultimatum	negative
ultimatums negative
ultimatums	negative
ultra-crisp	positive
ultra-hardline negative
ultra-hardline	negative
ultra positive
unabashedly positive
unabashedly	positive
unabashed positive
unabashed	positive
unable negative
unable	negative
unacceptablely negative
unacceptablely	negative
unacceptable negative
unacceptable negative
unacceptable	negative
unacceptably	negative
unaccessible	negative
unaccustomed negative
unaccustomed	negative
unachievable	negative
unaffected	positive
unaffordable	negative
unanimous positive
unappealing	negative
unappreciated negative
unapproved negative
unassailable positive
unassailable	positive
unattractive negative
unattractive	negative
unaudited neutral
unauthentic negative
unauthentic	negative
unavailable negative
unavailable	negative
unavoidable negative
unavoidably negative
unavoidably	negative
unaware negative
unbearablely negative
unbearablely	negative
unbearable negative
unbearable	negative
unbeatable	positive
unbelievable negative
unbelievable negative
unbelievable	negative
unbelievably negative
unbelievably	negative
unbelieving negative
unbiased positive
unbiased positive
unbiased	positive
unbosom positive
unbound positive
unbound	positive
unbroken positive
uncaring	negative
uncertain negative
uncertain negative
uncertain	negative
uncivilized negative
uncivilized	negative
uncivil negative
uncivil	negative
unclean negative
unclean	negative
unclear negative
unclear negative
unclear	negative
uncollectible negative
uncollectible	negative
uncomfortable negative
uncomfortable negative
uncomfortable	negative
uncomfortably	negative
uncomfy	negative
uncommonly positive
uncommon positive
uncompetitive negative
uncompetitive	negative
uncomplicated	positive
uncompromisingly negative
uncompromisingly	negative
uncompromising negative
uncompromising	negative
unconcerned negative
unconcerned positive
unconditional positive
unconditional	positive
unconfirmed negative
unconfirmed negative
unconfirmed	negative
unconstitutional negative
unconstitutional	negative
uncontrolled negative
uncontrolled	negative
unconventional positive
unconvinced negative
unconvincingly negative
unconvincingly	negative
unconvincing negative
unconvincing	negative
uncooperative	negative
uncouth negative
uncouth	negative
uncreative	negative
uncredited negative
undamaged	positive
undaunted positive
undaunted	positive
undecided negative
undecided negative
undecided	negative
undefined negative
undefined	negative
undependability negative
undependability	negative
undependable negative
undependable	negative
undercut	negative
undercuts	negative
undercutting	negative
underdog negative
underdog	negative
underestimated negative
underestimate negative
underestimate negative
underestimate	negative
underestimates negative
underestimating negative
underlings negative
underlings	negative
undermined negative
undermined	negative
undermine negative
undermine negative
undermine	negative
undermines negative
undermines	negative
undermining negative
undermining	negative
underpaid negative
underpaid	negative
underpowered	negative
undersized	negative
understandable positive
understandable	positive
understanding positive
understand positive
understatedly positive
understated positive
understate positive
understood positive
undeserving negative
undesirable negative
undesirable negative
undesirable	negative
undetermined negative
undetermined	negative
undid negative
undid	negative
undignified negative
undignified	negative
undisputable positive
undisputable	positive
undisputably positive
undisputably	positive
undisputed positive
undisputed	positive
undissolved	negative
undocumented negative
undocumented	negative
undo negative
undone negative
undone	negative
undoubtedly positive
undoubted positive
undue negative
undue	negative
unease negative
unease	negative
uneasily negative
uneasily	negative
uneasiness negative
uneasiness	negative
uneasy negative
uneasy negative
uneasy	negative
uneconomical negative
uneconomical	negative
unemployed	negative
unemployment negative
unencumbered positive
unencumbered	positive
unequaled positive
unequal negative
unequal negative
unequal	negative
unequivocally positive
unequivocally	positive
unequivocal positive
unequivocal	positive
unethical negative
unethical negative
unethical	negative
uneven negative
uneven	negative
uneventful negative
uneventful	negative
unexpectedly negative
unexpectedly	negative
unexpected negative
unexpected	negative
unexplained negative
unexplained	negative
unfairly negative
unfairly	negative
unfair negative
unfair negative
unfaithfully negative
unfaithfully	negative
unfaithful negative
unfaithful	negative
unfamiliar negative
unfamiliar	negative
unfavorable negative
unfavorable	negative
unfazed positive
unfazed	positive
unfeeling negative
unfeeling	negative
unfettered positive
unfettered	positive
unfinished negative
unfinished	negative
unfit negative
unfit	negative
unfocused negative
unforeseen negative
unforeseen	negative
unforgettable positive
unforgettable	positive
unforgiving	negative
unfortunately negative
unfortunately	negative
unfortunate negative
unfortunate	negative
unfounded negative
unfounded	negative
unfriendly negative
unfriendly	negative
unfulfilled negative
unfulfilled negative
unfulfilled	negative
unfunded negative
unfunded	negative
ungovernable negative
ungovernable	negative
ungrateful negative
ungrateful	negative
unhappily negative
unhappily	negative
unhappiness negative
unhappiness	negative
unhappy negative
unhappy negative
unhappy	negative
unhealthy negative
unhealthy negative
unhealthy	negative
unhelpful	negative
unified positive
uniformly positive
uniform positive
unilateralism negative
unilateralism	negative
unimaginable negative
unimaginable	negative
unimaginably negative
unimaginably	negative
unimportant negative
unimportant	negative
unimpressed negative
uninformed negative
uninformed	negative
uninsured negative
uninsured	negative
unintelligent negative
unintelligible	negative
unintelligile	negative
unipolar negative
unipolar	negative
unique positive
united positive
unity positive
unity	positive
universal positive
unjustifiable negative
unjustifiable	negative
unjustifiably negative
unjustifiably	negative
unjustified negative
unjustified	negative
unjustly negative
unjustly	negative
unjust negative
unjust negative
unjust	negative
unkindly negative
unkindly	negative
unkind negative
unkind	negative
unknown	negative
unlamentable negative
unlamentable	negative
unlamentably negative
unlamentably	negative
unlawfully negative
unlawfully	negative
unlawful negative
unlawful	negative
unlawfulness negative
unlawfulness	negative
unleash negative
unleash	negative
unlicensed negative
unlicensed	negative
unlikely negative
unlikely	negative
unlimited positive
unlimited	positive
unlovable negative
unloved negative
unlucky negative
unlucky	negative
unmatched positive
unmatched	positive
unmotivated negative
unmoved negative
unmoved	negative
unnaturally negative
unnaturally	negative
unnatural negative
unnatural	negative
unnecessary negative
unnecessary	negative
unneeded negative
unneeded	negative
unnerved negative
unnerved	negative
unnerve negative
unnerve	negative
unnervingly negative
unnervingly	negative
unnerving negative
unnerving	negative
unnoticed negative
unnoticed	negative
unobserved negative
unobserved	negative
unorthodox negative
unorthodox	negative
unorthodoxy negative
unorthodoxy	negative
unparalleled positive
unparalleled	positive
unpleasant negative
unpleasant	negative
unpleasantries negative
unpleasantries	negative
unpopular negative
unpopular	negative
unprecedented negative
unprecedent negative
unpredictable negative
unpredictable	negative
unprepared negative
unprepared	negative
unpretentious positive
unproductive negative
unproductive	negative
unprofessional negative
unprofitable negative
unprofitable	negative
unproved	negative
unprove	negative
unproven	negative
unproves	negative
unproving	negative
unqualified negative
unqualified	negative
unquestionable positive
unquestionable	positive
unquestionably positive
unquestionably	positive
unraveled negative
unraveled	negative
unravel negative
unravel	negative
unreachable	negative
unreadable	negative
unrealistic negative
unrealistic	negative
unreal	positive
unreasonable negative
unreasonable	negative
unreasonably negative
unreasonably	negative
unrelentingly negative
unrelentingly	negative
unrelenting negative
unrelenting	negative
unreliability negative
unreliability	negative
unreliable negative
unreliable	negative
unresearched negative
unresolved negative
unresolved	negative
unresponsive	negative
unrest negative
unrest	negative
unrestricted positive
unrestricted	positive
unrivaled	positive
unruly negative
unruly	negative
unsafe negative
unsafe	negative
unsatisfactory negative
unsatisfactory	negative
unsatisfied negative
unsavory negative
unsavory	negative
unscathed positive
unscrupulously negative
unscrupulously	negative
unscrupulous negative
unscrupulous	negative
unsecured negative
unsecure	negative
unseemly negative
unseemly	negative
unselfish positive
unselfish	positive
unsettled negative
unsettled negative
unsettled	negative
unsettle negative
unsettle	negative
unsettlingly negative
unsettlingly	negative
unsettling negative
unsettling	negative
unskilled negative
unskilled	negative
unsophisticated negative
unsophisticated negative
unsophisticated	negative
unsound negative
unsound	negative
unspeakablely negative
unspeakablely	negative
unspeakable negative
unspeakable	negative
unspecified negative
unspecified	negative
unstable negative
unstable negative
unstable	negative
unsteadily negative
unsteadily	negative
unsteadiness negative
unsteadiness	negative
unsteady negative
unsteady	negative
unstoppable positive
unsuccessfully negative
unsuccessfully	negative
unsuccessful negative
unsuccessful	negative
unsupported negative
unsupported negative
unsupported	negative
unsupportive	negative
unsure negative
unsure negative
unsure	negative
unsuspecting negative
unsuspecting	negative
unsustainable negative
unsustainable	negative
untarnished positive
untenable negative
untenable	negative
untested negative
untested	negative
unthinkable negative
unthinkable	negative
unthinkably negative
unthinkably	negative
untimely negative
untimely	negative
untouched	negative
untouched positive
untrained positive
untrue negative
untrue	negative
untrustworthy negative
untrustworthy	negative
untruthful negative
untruthful	negative
unusable	negative
unusably	negative
unuseable	negative
unuseably	negative
unusually negative
unusually	negative
unusual negative
unusual	negative
un-viewable	negative
unviewable	negative
unwanted negative
unwanted negative
unwanted	negative
unwarranted negative
unwarranted	negative
unwatchable	negative
unwavering	positive
unwelcome negative
unwelcome	negative
unwell	negative
unwieldy negative
unwieldy	negative
unwillingly negative
unwillingly	negative
unwilling negative
unwilling	negative
unwillingness negative
unwillingness	negative
unwisely negative
unwisely	negative
unwise negative
unwise	negative
unworkable negative
unworkable	negative
unworthy negative
unworthy negative
unworthy	negative
unyielding negative
unyielding	negative
upbeat positive
upbeat	positive
upbraid negative
upbraid	negative
upfront positive
upgradable	positive
upgradeable	positive
upgraded	positive
upgrade positive
upheaval negative
upheaval	negative
upheld positive
upheld	positive
uphold positive
uphold	positive
upliftingly positive
upliftingly	positive
uplifting positive
uplifting	positive
upliftment positive
upliftment	positive
uplift positive
uplift	positive
upright positive
uprising negative
uprising	negative
uproariously negative
uproariously	negative
uproarious negative
uproarious	negative
uproar negative
uproar	negative
uproarously negative
uproarously	negative
uproarous negative
uproarous	negative
uproot negative
uproot	negative
upscale positive
upscale	positive
upseting	negative
upset negative
upset negative
upset	negative
upsets negative
upsets	negative
upsettingly negative
upsettingly	negative
upsetting negative
upsetting negative
upsetting	negative
upside positive
uptight negative
upward positive
urgency negative
urgently negative
urgent negative
urgent negative
urgent	negative
urge positive
usable positive
usable	positive
useable	positive
usefulness positive
usefulness positive
useful positive
useful positive
useful	positive
useless negative
useless negative
useless	negative
uselessness negative
user-friendly	positive
user-replaceable	positive
usurper negative
usurper	negative
usurp negative
usurp	negative
utilitarian positive
utmost positive
utterances neutral
utterly negative
utterly	negative
uttermost positive
utter negative
vagrant negative
vagrant	negative
vague negative
vague negative
vague	negative
vagueness negative
vagueness	negative
vainly negative
vainly	negative
vain negative
vain	negative
valiantly positive
valiantly	positive
valiant positive
valiant	positive
validated positive
validate positive
validates positive
validating positive
validity positive
valid positive
valor positive
valor	positive
valuable positive
valuable	positive
value positive
values positive
vanish negative
vanity negative
vanity	negative
vanquish positive
variety	positive
vastly positive
vastness positive
vast positive
vehemently negative
vehemently	negative
vehement negative
vehement	negative
venerable positive
venerably positive
venerate positive
venerate	positive
vengeance negative
vengeance	negative
vengefully negative
vengefully	negative
vengeful negative
vengeful	negative
vengefulness negative
vengefulness	negative
venom negative
venom	negative
venomously negative
venomously	negative
venomous negative
venomous	negative
vent negative
vent	negative
verdict negative
verdicts negative
verifiable positive
verifiable	positive
veritable positive
veritable	positive
versatile positive
versatile	positive
versatility positive
versatility	positive
very neutral
vested positive
vestiges negative
vestiges	negative
veto negative
vexation negative
vexation negative
vexation	negative
vexingly negative
vexingly	negative
vexing negative
vexing negative
vexing	negative
vex negative
vex	negative
viability positive
viable positive
vibrantly positive
vibrantly	positive
vibrant positive
vibrant positive
vibrant	positive
vibrated	negative
vibrate	negative
vibrates	negative
vibrating	negative
vibration	negative
vice negative
vice	negative
viciously negative
viciously	negative
vicious negative
vicious negative
vicious	negative
viciousness negative
viciousness	negative
victimized negative
victimize negative
victimize negative
victimize	negative
victimizes negative
victimizing negative
victim negative
victims negative
victorious positive
victorious	positive
victory positive
victory	positive
vie negative
viewable	positive
view neutral
viewpoints neutral
views neutral
vigilance positive
vigilance	positive
vigilant positive
vigilant positive
vigilant	positive
vigorously positive
vigorous positive
vile negative
vile negative
vile	negative
vileness negative
vileness	negative
vilify negative
vilify	negative
villainously negative
villainously	negative
villainous negative
villainous	negative
villains negative
villains	negative
villian negative
villian	negative
villianously negative
villianously	negative
villianous negative
villianous	negative
villify negative
villify	negative
vindicated positive
vindicate positive
vindicate positive
vindicates positive
vindicating positive
vindictively negative
vindictively	negative
vindictive negative
vindictive	negative
vindictiveness negative
vindictiveness	negative
vintage positive
violated negative
violate negative
violate negative
violate	negative
violates negative
violating negative
violation negative
violation	negative
violator negative
violator	negative
violators	negative
violence negative
violently negative
violently	negative
violent negative
violent negative
violent	negative
viper negative
viper	negative
virtue positive
virtue	positive
virtuously positive
virtuously	positive
virtuous positive
virtuous positive
virtuous	positive
virulence negative
virulence	negative
virulently negative
virulently	negative
virulent negative
virulent negative
virulent	negative
virus negative
virus	negative
visionary positive
visionary positive
visionary	positive
visioning positive
vision positive
visions positive
vitality positive
vitality positive
vital positive
vitamin positive
vitriolic negative
vivacious positive
vivacious positive
vivacious	positive
vivid positive
vivid	positive
vocally negative
vocal neutral
vociferously negative
vociferously	negative
vociferous negative
vociferous negative
vociferous	negative
void negative
volatile negative
volatile	negative
volatility negative
volatility	negative
voluntarily positive
voluntary positive
vomited	negative
vomiting	negative
vomit negative
vomit	negative
vomits	negative
vouch positive
vouch	positive
vouchsafe positive
vouchsafe	positive
vow positive
vulgar negative
vulgar	negative
vulnerability negative
vulnerable negative
vulnerable	negative
vulnerable positive
wack	negative
wail negative
wail	negative
walkout negative
walkouts negative
wallow negative
wallow	negative
wane negative
wane	negative
waning negative
waning	negative
wanker negative
wanton negative
wanton	negative
want positive
want positive
warfare negative
warfare negative
warily negative
warily	negative
wariness negative
wariness	negative
war-like negative
war-like	negative
warlike negative
warlike	negative
warmer	positive
warmhearted positive
warmhearted	positive
warmly positive
warmly	positive
warm positive
warm positive
warm	positive
warmth positive
warmth positive
warmth	positive
warned negative
warned	negative
war negative
war negative
warning negative
warning negative
warning	negative
warnings negative
warn negative
warns negative
warped negative
warped	negative
warp negative
warp	negative
wary negative
wary	negative
washed-out	negative
wasted negative
wasted	negative
wasteful negative
wasteful	negative
wastefulness negative
wastefulness	negative
waste negative
waste negative
waste	negative
wasting negative
wasting	negative
watchdog negative
water-down	negative
watered-down	negative
wavering negative
wayward negative
wayward	negative
weakening negative
weakening	negative
weaken negative
weaken	negative
weaker	negative
weak negative
weak negative
weak	negative
weaknesses negative
weaknesses	negative
weakness negative
weakness negative
weakness	negative
wealth positive
wealthy positive
wealthy positive
wealthy	positive
weariness negative
weariness	negative
wearisome negative
wearisome	negative
weary negative
weary negative
weary	negative
wedge negative
wedge	negative
weed negative
weed	negative
wee negative
weeping negative
weep negative
weep negative
weep	negative
weirdly negative
weirdly	negative
weird negative
weird negative
weird	negative
welcomed positive
welcome positive
welcome positive
welcome	positive
welcomes positive
welfare positive
well-backlit	positive
well-balanced	positive
well-behaved	positive
well-being positive
well-being	positive
wellbeing positive
wellbeing	positive
well-bred	positive
well-connected positive
well-connected	positive
well-educated positive
well-educated	positive
well-established positive
well-established	positive
well-informed positive
well-informed	positive
well-intentioned positive
well-intentioned	positive
well-known	positive
well-made	positive
well-managed positive
well-managed	positive
well-mannered	positive
well-positioned positive
well-positioned	positive
well positive
well	positive
well-publicized positive
well-received positive
well-received	positive
well-regarded positive
well-regarded	positive
well-rounded	positive
well-run positive
well-run	positive
well-wishers positive
well-wishers	positive
whatever negative
wheedle negative
wheedle	negative
whiff neutral
whimper negative
whimper	negative
whimsical positive
whimsical positive
whine negative
whine	negative
whining	negative
whiny	negative
whips negative
whips	negative
white positive
whitewash negative
whoa	positive
wholeheartedly positive
wholeheartedly	positive
wholesome positive
wholesome	positive
whooa	positive
whoooa	positive
whore negative
whore	negative
whores	negative
wickedly negative
wickedly	negative
wicked negative
wicked negative
wicked	negative
wickedness negative
wickedness	negative
wide-open positive
wide positive
wide-ranging positive
widespread negative
widowed negative
wieldy	positive
wildly negative
wildly	negative
wild negative
wild	negative
wiles negative
wiles	negative
willfully positive
willful positive
willingly	positive
willingness positive
willingness positive
willingness	positive
willing positive
willing	positive
will positive
wilt negative
wilt	negative
wily negative
wily	negative
wimpy	negative
wince negative
wince	negative
windfall	positive
wink positive
winnable positive
winnable	positive
winner positive
winner	positive
winners positive
winners	positive
winning positive
winning	positive
win positive
win	positive
wins positive
wins	positive
winwin positive
wisdom positive
wisdom	positive
wisely positive
wisely	positive
wise positive
wise	positive
wishes positive
wishes positive
wishing positive
wishing positive
wish positive
wish positive
withdrawal negative
withheld negative
withhold negative
witty positive
witty	positive
wobbled	negative
wobble	negative
wobbles	negative
woebegone negative
woebegone negative
woebegone	negative
woefully negative
woefully	negative
woeful negative
woeful negative
woeful	negative
woe negative
woe	negative
womanizer	negative
womanizing	negative
wonderfully positive
wonderfully	positive
wonderful positive
wonderful positive
wonderful	positive
wonderously positive
wonderously	positive
wonderous positive
wonderous	positive
wonder positive
wonder	positive
wonders	positive
wondrous positive
wondrous	positive
won positive
won	positive
woohoo positive
wooo positive
woo positive
woo positive
woo	positive
woow positive
workable positive
workable	positive
worked	positive
work	positive
works	positive
world-famous positive
world-famous	positive
worn negative
worn negative
worn	negative
worriedly negative
worriedly	negative
worried negative
worried negative
worried	negative
worrier negative
worrier	negative
worries negative
worries	negative
worrisome negative
worrisome	negative
worryingly negative
worryingly	negative
worrying negative
worrying negative
worrying	negative
worry negative
worry negative
worry	negative
worsened negative
worse negative
worse negative
worse	negative
worsening negative
worsening negative
worsening	negative
worsen negative
worsen negative
worsen	negative
worsens negative
worshiped positive
worship positive
worst negative
worst negative
worst	negative
worthiness positive
worthiness	positive
worthlessly negative
worthlessly	negative
worthless negative
worthless negative
worthless	negative
worthlessness negative
worthlessness	negative
worth positive
worth positive
worth	positive
worth-while positive
worth-while	positive
worthwhile positive
worthwhile	positive
worthy positive
worthy positive
worthy	positive
would neutral
wound negative
wound	negative
wounds negative
wounds	negative
wowed	positive
wowing	positive
wowow positive
wow positive
wow positive
wow	positive
wows	positive
wowww positive
wrangle negative
wrangle	negative
wrathful negative
wrath negative
wrath	negative
wreaked	negative
wreak	negative
wreaks	negative
wreck negative
wreck negative
wreck	negative
wrestle negative
wrestle	negative
wrest negative
wrest	negative
wretchedly negative
wretchedly	negative
wretched negative
wretched	negative
wretchedness negative
wretchedness	negative
wretch negative
wretch	negative
wrinkled	negative
wrinkle	negative
wrinkles	negative
wrip	negative
wripped	negative
wripping	negative
writhe negative
writhe	negative
wronged negative
wrongful negative
wrongful	negative
wrongly negative
wrongly	negative
wrong negative
wrong negative
wrong	negative
wrought negative
wrought	negative
wry positive
wtf negative
yawn negative
yawn	negative
yay	positive
yeah neutral
yeah positive
yearningly positive
yearning positive
yearning positive
yearn positive
yeees positive
yelp negative
yep positive
yes positive
yes positive
youthful positive
youthful positive
youthful	positive
yucky negative
yummy positive
zap	negative
zapped	negative
zaps	negative
zealot negative
zealot negative
zealot	negative
zealots negative
zealously negative
zealously	negative
zealous negative
zealous	negative
zealous positive
zeal positive
zeal	positive
zenith positive
zenith	positive
zest positive
zest	positive
zippy	positive
zombie	negative
