abandoned negative
abandon negative
abandons negative
abducted negative
abduction negative
abductions negative
abhor negative
abhorred negative
abhorrent negative
abhors negative
abilities positive
ability positive
aboard positive
absentee negative
absentees negative
absolved positive
absolve positive
absolves positive
absolving positive
absorbed positive
abused negative
abuse negative
abuses negative
abusive negative
accepted positive
accepting positive
accept positive
accepts positive
accidentally negative
accidental negative
accident negative
accidents negative
accomplished positive
accomplishes positive
accomplish positive
accusation negative
accusations negative
accused negative
accuse negative
accuses negative
accusing negative
ache negative
achievable positive
aching negative
acquit positive
acquits positive
acquitted positive
acquitting positive
acrimonious negative
active positive
adequate positive
admired positive
admire positive
admires positive
admiring positive
admit negative
admits negative
admitted negative
admonished negative
admonish negative
adopt positive
adopts positive
adorable positive
adored positive
adore positive
adores positive
advanced positive
advantage positive
advantages positive
adventure positive
adventures positive
adventurous positive
affected negative
affectionate positive
affection positive
afflicted negative
affronted negative
afraid negative
aggravated negative
aggravate negative
aggravates negative
aggravating negative
aggression negative
aggressions negative
aggressive negative
aghast negative
agog positive
agonised negative
agonise negative
agonises negative
agonising negative
agonized negative
agonize negative
agonizes negative
agonizing negative
agreeable positive
agreed positive
agreement positive
agree positive
agrees positive
alarmed negative
alarmist negative
alarmists negative
alarm negative
alas negative
alert negative
alienation negative
alive positive
allergic negative
allow positive
alone negative
amazed positive
amaze positive
amazes positive
amazing positive
ambitious positive
ambivalent negative
amused positive
amusement positive
amusements positive
amuse positive
anger negative
angers negative
angry negative
anguished negative
anguish negative
animosity negative
annoyance negative
annoyed negative
annoying negative
annoy negative
annoys negative
antagonistic negative
anticipation positive
anti negative
anxiety negative
anxious negative
apathetic negative
apathy negative
apeshit negative
apocalyptic negative
apologised negative
apologise negative
apologises negative
apologising negative
apologized negative
apologize negative
apologizes negative
apologizing negative
apology negative
appalled negative
appalling negative
appeased positive
appease positive
appeases positive
appeasing positive
applauded positive
applauding positive
applaud positive
applauds positive
applause positive
appreciated positive
appreciate positive
appreciates positive
appreciating positive
appreciation positive
apprehensive negative
approval positive
approved positive
approves positive
ardent positive
arrested negative
arrest negative
arrests negative
arrogant negative
ashamed negative
ashame negative
assassination negative
assassinations negative
asset positive
assets positive
assfucking negative
asshole negative
ass negative
astonished positive
astounded positive
astoundingly positive
astounding positive
astound positive
astounds positive
attacked negative
attacking negative
attack negative
attacks negative
attracted positive
attracting positive
attraction positive
attractions positive
attract positive
attracts positive
audacious positive
authority positive
averted negative
avert negative
averts negative
avid positive
avoided negative
avoid negative
avoids negative
awaited negative
await negative
awaits negative
awarded positive
award positive
awards positive
awesome positive
awful negative
awkward negative
axed negative
axe negative
backed positive
backing positive
backs positive
badass negative
badly negative
bad negative
bailout negative
bamboozled negative
bamboozle negative
bamboozles negative
banish negative
bankrupt negative
bankster negative
banned negative
ban negative
bargain positive
barrier negative
bastard negative
bastards negative
battle negative
battles negative
beaten negative
beatific positive
beating negative
beauties positive
beautifully positive
beautiful positive
beautify positive
belittled negative
belittle negative
beloved positive
benefit positive
benefits positive
benefitted positive
benefitting positive
bereaved negative
bereave negative
bereaves negative
bereaving negative
best positive
betrayal negative
betrayed negative
betraying negative
betray negative
betrays negative
better positive
biased negative
bias negative
big positive
bitches negative
bitch negative
bitterly negative
bitter negative
bizarre negative
blah negative
blamed negative
blame negative
blames negative
blaming negative
blesses positive
blessing positive
bless positive
blind negative
blissful positive
bliss positive
blithe positive
blockbuster positive
blocked negative
blocking negative
block negative
blocks negative
bloody negative
blurry negative
boastful negative
boldly positive
bold positive
bomb negative
boosted positive
boosting positive
boost positive
boosts positive
bored negative
bore negative
boring negative
bothered negative
bother negative
bothers negative
bothersome negative
boycotted negative
boycotting negative
boycott negative
boycotts negative
brainwashing negative
brave positive
breakthrough positive
breathtaking positive
bribe negative
brightest positive
brightness positive
bright positive
brilliant positive
brisk positive
broke negative
broken negative
brooding negative
bullied negative
bullshit negative
bullying negative
bully negative
bummer negative
buoyant positive
burdened negative
burdening negative
burden negative
burdens negative
calmed positive
calming positive
calm positive
calms positive
cancelled negative
cancelling negative
cancel negative
cancels negative
cancer negative
can't positive
capable positive
captivated positive
carefree positive
carefully positive
careful positive
careless negative
care positive
cares positive
cashing positive
casualty negative
catastrophe negative
catastrophic negative
cautious negative
celebrated positive
celebrate positive
celebrates positive
celebrating positive
censored negative
censor negative
censors negative
certain positive
chagrined negative
chagrin negative
challenge negative
chance positive
chances positive
chaos negative
chaotic negative
charged negative
charges negative
charming positive
charmless negative
charm positive
chastised negative
chastise negative
chastises negative
chastising negative
cheated negative
cheater negative
cheaters negative
cheat negative
cheats negative
cheered positive
cheerful positive
cheering positive
cheerless negative
cheer positive
cheers positive
cheery positive
cherished positive
cherishes positive
cherishing positive
cherish positive
chic positive
childish negative
chilling negative
choked negative
choke negative
chokes negative
choking negative
clarifies positive
clarity positive
clash negative
classy positive
cleaner positive
clean positive
cleared positive
clearly positive
clear positive
clears positive
clever positive
clouded negative
clueless negative
cock negative
cocksucker negative
cocksuckers negative
cocky negative
coerced negative
collapsed negative
collapse negative
collapses negative
collapsing negative
collide negative
collides negative
colliding negative
collision negative
collisions negative
colluding negative
combat negative
combats negative
comedy positive
comfortable positive
comforting positive
comfort positive
comforts positive
commended positive
commend positive
commitment positive
commit positive
commits positive
committed positive
committing positive
compassionate positive
compelled positive
competent positive
competitive positive
complacent negative
complained negative
complain negative
complains negative
comprehensive positive
conciliated positive
conciliate positive
conciliates positive
conciliating positive
condemnation negative
condemned negative
condemn negative
condemns negative
confidence positive
confident positive
conflicting negative
conflictive negative
conflict negative
conflicts negative
confused negative
confuse negative
confusing negative
congrats positive
congratulate positive
congratulation positive
congratulations positive
consent positive
consents positive
consolable positive
conspiracy negative
constrained negative
contagion negative
contagions negative
contagious negative
contempt negative
contemptuously negative
contemptuous negative
contender negative
contending negative
contend negative
contentious negative
contestable negative
controversially negative
controversial negative
convinced positive
convince positive
convinces positive
convivial positive
cool positive
cool positive
cornered negative
corpse negative
costly negative
courageous positive
courage positive
courteous positive
courtesy positive
cover-up negative
cowardly negative
coward negative
coziness positive
cramp negative
crap negative
crash negative
crazier negative
craziest negative
crazy negative
creative positive
crestfallen negative
cried negative
cries negative
crime negative
criminal negative
criminals negative
crisis negative
criticism negative
criticized negative
criticize negative
criticizes negative
criticizing negative
critic negative
critics negative
cruel negative
cruelty negative
crushed negative
crushes negative
crushing negative
crush negative
crying negative
cry negative
cunt negative
curious positive
curse negative
cute positive
cut negative
cuts negative
cutting negative
cynical negative
cynicism negative
cynic negative
damage negative
damages negative
damned negative
damnit negative
damn negative
danger negative
daredevil positive
daring positive
darkest negative
darkness negative
dauntless positive
deadlock negative
dead negative
deafening negative
dearly positive
dear positive
death negative
debonair positive
debt negative
deceitful negative
deceit negative
deceived negative
deceive negative
deceives negative
deceiving negative
deception negative
decisive positive
dedicated positive
defeated negative
defect negative
defects negative
defender positive
defenders positive
defenseless negative
defer negative
deferring negative
defiant negative
deficit negative
degraded negative
degrade negative
degrades negative
dehumanized negative
dehumanize negative
dehumanizes negative
dehumanizing negative
dejected negative
dejecting negative
deject negative
dejects negative
delayed negative
delay negative
delighted positive
delighting positive
delight positive
delights positive
demanded negative
demanding negative
demand negative
demands negative
demonstration negative
demoralized negative
denied negative
denier negative
deniers negative
denies negative
denounce negative
denounces negative
denying negative
deny negative
depressed negative
depressing negative
derailed negative
derail negative
derails negative
derided negative
deride negative
derides negative
deriding negative
derision negative
desirable positive
desired positive
desire positive
desirous positive
despairing negative
despair negative
despairs negative
desperately negative
desperate negative
despondent negative
destroyed negative
destroying negative
destroy negative
destroys negative
destruction negative
destructive negative
detached negative
detained negative
detain negative
detention negative
determined positive
devastated negative
devastate negative
devastating negative
devoted positive
diamond positive
dickhead negative
dick negative
died negative
die negative
difficult negative
diffident negative
dilemma negative
dipshit negative
direful negative
dire negative
dirtier negative
dirtiest negative
dirt negative
dirty negative
disabling negative
disadvantaged negative
disadvantage negative
disappeared negative
disappear negative
disappears negative
disappointed negative
disappointing negative
disappointment negative
disappointments negative
disappoint negative
disappoints negative
disaster negative
disasters negative
disastrous negative
disbelieve negative
discarded negative
discarding negative
discard negative
discards negative
disconsolate negative
disconsolation negative
discontented negative
discord negative
discounted negative
discouraged negative
discredited negative
disdain negative
disgraced negative
disgrace negative
disguised negative
disguise negative
disguises negative
disguising negative
disgusted negative
disgusting negative
disgust negative
disheartened negative
dishonest negative
disillusioned negative
disinclined negative
disjointed negative
dislike negative
dismal negative
dismayed negative
disorder negative
disorganized negative
disoriented negative
disparaged negative
disparage negative
disparages negative
disparaging negative
displeased negative
disputed negative
dispute negative
disputes negative
disputing negative
disqualified negative
disquiet negative
disregarded negative
disregarding negative
disregard negative
disregards negative
disrespected negative
disrespect negative
disruption negative
disruptions negative
disruptive negative
dissatisfied negative
distorted negative
distorting negative
distort negative
distorts negative
distracted negative
distraction negative
distract negative
distracts negative
distressed negative
distresses negative
distressing negative
distress negative
distrustful negative
distrust negative
disturbed negative
disturbing negative
disturb negative
disturbs negative
dithering negative
dizzy negative
dodging negative
dodgy negative
does positive
dolorous negative
dont positive
doomed negative
doom negative
doubted negative
doubtful negative
doubting negative
doubt negative
doubts negative
douchebag negative
douche negative
downcast negative
downhearted negative
downside negative
dragged negative
drag negative
drags negative
drained negative
dreaded negative
dreadful negative
dreading negative
dread negative
dream positive
dreams positive
dreary negative
droopy negative
drop negative
drowned negative
drown negative
drowns negative
drunk negative
dubious negative
dud negative
dull negative
dumbass negative
dumb negative
dumped negative
dump negative
dumps negative
duped negative
dupe negative
dysfunction negative
eager positive
earnest positive
ease positive
easy positive
ecstatic positive
eerie negative
eery negative
effectively positive
effective positive
elated positive
elation positive
elegantly positive
elegant positive
embarrassed negative
embarrasses negative
embarrassing negative
embarrassment negative
embarrass negative
embittered negative
embrace positive
emergency negative
empathetic positive
emptiness negative
empty negative
enchanted positive
encouraged positive
encouragement positive
encourage positive
encourages positive
endorsed positive
endorsement positive
endorse positive
endorses positive
enemies negative
enemy negative
energetic positive
engage positive
engages positive
engrossed positive
enjoying positive
enjoy positive
enjoys positive
enlightened positive
enlightening positive
enlighten positive
enlightens positive
ennui negative
enraged negative
enrage negative
enrages negative
enraging negative
enrapture positive
enslaved negative
enslave negative
enslaves negative
ensure positive
ensuring positive
enterprising positive
entertaining positive
enthral positive
enthusiastic positive
entitled positive
entrusted positive
envies negative
envious negative
envying negative
envy negative
erroneous negative
error negative
errors negative
escape negative
escapes negative
escaping negative
esteemed positive
ethical positive
euphoria positive
euphoric positive
eviction negative
evil negative
exaggerated negative
exaggerate negative
exaggerates negative
exaggerating negative
exasperated positive
excellence positive
excellent positive
excited positive
excitement positive
excite positive
exciting positive
excluded negative
exclude negative
exclusion negative
exclusive positive
excuse negative
exempt negative
exhausted negative
exhilarated positive
exhilarates positive
exhilarating positive
exonerated positive
exonerate positive
exonerates positive
exonerating positive
expand positive
expands positive
expelled negative
expelling negative
expel negative
expels negative
exploited negative
exploiting negative
exploit negative
exploits negative
exploration positive
explorations positive
exposed negative
expose negative
exposes negative
exposing negative
extend positive
extends positive
exuberant positive
exultantly positive
exultant positive
fabulous positive
fad negative
faggot negative
faggots negative
fag negative
failed negative
failing negative
fail negative
fails negative
failure negative
failures negative
fainthearted negative
fair positive
faithful positive
faith positive
fake negative
fakes negative
faking negative
fallen negative
falling negative
falsified negative
falsify negative
fame positive
fan positive
fantastic positive
farce negative
fascinated positive
fascinate positive
fascinates positive
fascinating positive
fascist negative
fascists negative
fatalities negative
fatality negative
fatigued negative
fatigue negative
fatigues negative
fatiguing negative
favored positive
favorited positive
favorite positive
favorites positive
favor positive
favors positive
fearful negative
fearing negative
fearless positive
fear negative
fearsome negative
fed positive
feeble negative
feeling positive
felonies negative
felony negative
fervent positive
fervid positive
festive positive
fiasco negative
fidgety negative
fight negative
fine positive
fired negative
fire negative
firing negative
fitness positive
fit positive
flagship positive
flees negative
flop negative
flops negative
flu negative
flustered negative
focused positive
fondness positive
fond positive
foolish negative
fool negative
fools negative
forced negative
foreclosure negative
foreclosures negative
forgetful negative
forget negative
forgive positive
forgiving positive
forgotten negative
fortunate positive
frantic negative
fraud negative
frauds negative
fraudster negative
fraudsters negative
fraudulence negative
fraudulent negative
freedom positive
free positive
frenzy negative
fresh positive
friendly positive
frightened negative
frightening negative
fright negative
frikin negative
frisky positive
frowning negative
frustrated negative
frustrate negative
frustrates negative
frustrating negative
frustration negative
ftw positive
fucked negative
fucker negative
fuckers negative
fuckface negative
fuckhead negative
fucking negative
fuck negative
fucktard negative
fud negative
fuked negative
fuking negative
fulfilled positive
fulfill positive
fulfills positive
fuming negative
funeral negative
funerals negative
funky positive
funnier positive
funny positive
fun positive
furious negative
futile positive
gagged negative
gag negative
gained positive
gaining positive
gain positive
gains positive
gallantly positive
gallant positive
gallantry positive
generous positive
genial positive
ghost negative
giddy negative
gift positive
glad positive
glamorous positive
glamourous positive
gleeful positive
glee positive
gloom negative
gloomy negative
glorious positive
glory positive
glum negative
goddamn negative
god positive
godsend positive
goodness positive
good positive
grace positive
gracious positive
grand positive
granted positive
granting positive
grant positive
grants positive
grateful positive
gratification positive
grave negative
gray negative
greater positive
greatest positive
great positive
greed negative
greedy negative
green positive
green positive
greenwasher negative
greenwashers negative
greenwashing negative
greenwash negative
greeted positive
greeting positive
greetings positive
greet positive
greets positive
grey negative
grief negative
grieved negative
gross negative
growing positive
growth positive
guarantee positive
guilt negative
guilty negative
gullibility negative
gullible negative
gun negative
hacked negative
hahahah positive
hahaha positive
haha positive
hailed positive
hail positive
hapless negative
haplessness negative
ha positive
happiness positive
happy positive
hardier positive
hard negative
hardship negative
hardy positive
harmed negative
harmful negative
harming negative
harm negative
harms negative
harried negative
harsher negative
harshest negative
harsh negative
hated negative
hate negative
haters negative
hates negative
hating negative
haunted negative
haunting positive
haunt negative
haunts negative
havoc negative
healthy positive
heartbreaking negative
heartbroken negative
heartfelt positive
heavenly positive
heaven positive
heavyhearted negative
hell negative
helpful positive
helping positive
helpless negative
help positive
helps positive
heroes positive
heroic positive
hero positive
hesitant negative
hesitate negative
hide negative
hides negative
hiding negative
hid negative
highlight positive
hilarious positive
hindrance negative
hoax negative
homesick negative
honest positive
honored positive
honoring positive
honor positive
honoured positive
honouring positive
honour positive
hooliganism negative
hooligan negative
hooligans negative
hopefully positive
hopeful positive
hopeless negative
hopelessness negative
hope positive
hopes positive
hoping positive
horrendous negative
horrible negative
horrific negative
horrified negative
hostile negative
huckster negative
huge positive
hug positive
hugs positive
humerous positive
humiliated negative
humiliation negative
humorous positive
humor positive
humourous positive
humour positive
hunger negative
hurrah positive
hurting negative
hurt negative
hurts negative
hypocritical negative
hysteria negative
hysterical negative
hysterics negative
idiotic negative
idiot negative
ignorance negative
ignorant negative
ignored negative
ignore negative
ignores negative
illegal negative
illiteracy negative
ill negative
illnesses negative
illness negative
imbecile negative
immobilized negative
immortal positive
immune positive
impatient negative
imperfect negative
importance positive
important positive
imposed negative
impose negative
imposes negative
imposing negative
impotent negative
impressed positive
impresses positive
impressive positive
impress positive
imprisoned negative
improved positive
improvement positive
improve positive
improves positive
improving positive
inability negative
inaction negative
inadequate negative
incapable negative
incapacitated negative
incensed negative
incompetence negative
incompetent negative
inconsiderate negative
inconvenience negative
inconvenient negative
increased positive
increase positive
indecisive negative
indestructible positive
indifference negative
indifferent negative
indignant negative
indignation negative
indoctrinated negative
indoctrinate negative
indoctrinates negative
indoctrinating negative
ineffectively negative
ineffective negative
infatuated positive
infatuation positive
infected negative
inferior negative
inflamed negative
influential positive
infringement negative
infuriated negative
infuriate negative
infuriates negative
infuriating negative
inhibit negative
injured negative
injury negative
injustice negative
innovate positive
innovates positive
innovation positive
innovative positive
inquisition negative
inquisitive positive
insane negative
insanity negative
insecure negative
insensitive negative
insensitivity negative
insignificant negative
insipid negative
inspirational positive
inspiration positive
inspired positive
inspire positive
inspires positive
inspiring positive
insulted negative
insulting negative
insult negative
insults negative
intact positive
integrity positive
intelligent positive
intense positive
interested positive
interesting positive
interest positive
interests positive
interrogated negative
interrupted negative
interrupting negative
interruption negative
interrupt negative
interrupts negative
intimidated negative
intimidate negative
intimidates negative
intimidating negative
intimidation negative
intricate positive
intrigues positive
invincible positive
invite positive
inviting positive
invulnerable positive
irate negative
ironic negative
irony negative
irrational negative
irresistible positive
irresolute negative
irresponsible positive
irreversible negative
irritated negative
irritate negative
irritating negative
isolated negative
itchy negative
jackasses negative
jackass negative
jailed negative
jaunty positive
jealous negative
jeopardy negative
jerk negative
jesus positive
jewel positive
jewels positive
jocular positive
join positive
joke positive
jokes positive
jolly positive
jovial positive
joyfully positive
joyful positive
joyless negative
joyous positive
joy positive
jubilant positive
jumpy negative
justice positive
justifiably positive
justified positive
keen positive
killed negative
killing negative
kill negative
kills negative
kinder positive
kind positive
kiss positive
kudos positive
lackadaisical negative
lack negative
lagged negative
lagging negative
lag negative
lags negative
lame negative
landmark positive
laughed positive
laughing positive
laugh positive
laughs positive
laughting positive
launched positive
lawl positive
lawsuit negative
lawsuits negative
lazy negative
leaked negative
leak negative
leave negative
legally positive
legal positive
lenient positive
lethargic negative
lethargy negative
liar negative
liars negative
libelous negative
lied negative
lifesaver positive
lighthearted positive
liked positive
like positive
likes positive
limitation negative
limited negative
limits negative
litigation negative
litigious negative
lively positive
livid negative
lmao positive
lmfao positive
loathed negative
loathe negative
loathes negative
loathing negative
lobbying negative
lobby negative
lol positive
lonely negative
lonesome negative
longing negative
loomed negative
looming negative
loom negative
looms negative
loose negative
looses negative
loser negative
losing negative
loss negative
lost negative
lovable positive
loved positive
lovelies positive
lovely positive
love positive
loving positive
lowest negative
loyal positive
loyalty positive
luckily positive
luck positive
lucky positive
lugubrious negative
lunatic negative
lunatics negative
lurking negative
lurk negative
lurks negative
maddening negative
made-up negative
madly negative
mad negative
madness negative
mandatory negative
manipulated negative
manipulating negative
manipulation negative
marvelous positive
marvel positive
marvels positive
masterpiece positive
masterpieces positive
matter positive
matters positive
mature positive
meaningful positive
meaningless negative
medal positive
mediocrity negative
meditative positive
melancholy negative
menaced negative
menace negative
mercy positive
merry positive
messed negative
messing positive
mess negative
methodical positive
mindless negative
miracle positive
mirthfully positive
mirthful positive
mirth positive
misbehaved negative
misbehave negative
misbehaves negative
misbehaving negative
mischief negative
mischiefs negative
miserable negative
misery negative
misgiving negative
misinformation negative
misinformed negative
misinterpreted negative
misleading negative
misread negative
misreporting negative
misrepresentation negative
missed negative
missing negative
miss negative
mistake negative
mistaken negative
mistakes negative
mistaking negative
misunderstanding negative
misunderstand negative
misunderstands negative
misunderstood negative
moaned negative
moaning negative
moan negative
moans negative
mocked negative
mocking negative
mock negative
mocks negative
mongering negative
monopolized negative
monopolize negative
monopolizes negative
monopolizing negative
moody negative
mope negative
moping negative
moron negative
motherfucker negative
motherfucking negative
motivated positive
motivate positive
motivating positive
motivation positive
mourned negative
mournful negative
mourning negative
mourn negative
mourns negative
mumpish negative
murderer negative
murdering negative
murder negative
murderous negative
murders negative
myth negative
n00b negative
naive negative
naïve negative
nasty negative
natural positive
needy negative
negative negative
negativity negative
neglected negative
neglecting negative
neglect negative
neglects negative
nerves negative
nervously negative
nervous negative
nice positive
nifty positive
niggas negative
nigger negative
noble positive
noisy negative
no negative
nonsense negative
noob negative
no positive
nosey negative
notorious negative
not positive
not positive
novel positive
numb negative
nuts negative
obliterated negative
obliterate negative
obnoxious negative
obscene negative
obsessed positive
obsolete negative
obstacle negative
obstacles negative
obstinate negative
odd negative
offended negative
offender negative
offending negative
offend negative
offends negative
offline negative
oks positive
ominous positive
once-in-a-lifetime positive
opportunities positive
opportunity positive
oppressed negative
oppressive negative
optimism positive
optimistic positive
optionless negative
outcry negative
outmaneuvered negative
outraged negative
outrage negative
outreach positive
outstanding positive
overjoyed positive
overload negative
overlooked negative
overreacted negative
overreaction negative
overreact negative
overreacts negative
overselling negative
oversell negative
oversells negative
oversimplification negative
oversimplified negative
oversimplifies negative
oversimplify negative
overstatement negative
overstatements negative
overweight negative
oxymoron negative
pained negative
pain negative
panicked negative
panic negative
panics negative
paradise positive
paradox negative
pardoned positive
pardoning positive
pardon positive
pardons positive
parley negative
passionate positive
passively negative
passive negative
pathetic negative
pay negative
peacefully positive
peaceful positive
peace positive
penalty negative
pensive negative
perfected positive
perfectly positive
perfect positive
perfects positive
peril negative
perjury negative
perpetrator negative
perpetrators negative
perplexed negative
persecuted negative
persecute negative
persecutes negative
persecuting negative
perturbed negative
pesky negative
pessimism negative
pessimistic negative
petrified negative
phobic negative
picturesque positive
pileup negative
piqued negative
pique negative
pissed negative
pissing negative
piss negative
piteous negative
pitied negative
pity negative
playful positive
pleasant positive
pleased positive
please positive
pleasure positive
poised negative
poisoned negative
poison negative
poisons negative
polluted negative
pollute negative
polluter negative
polluters negative
pollutes negative
poorer negative
poorest negative
poor negative
popular positive
positively positive
positive positive
possessive negative
postponed negative
postpone negative
postpones negative
postponing negative
poverty negative
powerful positive
powerless negative
praised positive
praise positive
praises positive
praising positive
praying positive
pray positive
prays positive
prblm negative
prblms negative
prepared positive
pressured negative
pressure negative
pretending negative
pretend negative
pretends negative
pretty positive
prevented negative
preventing negative
prevent negative
prevents negative
prick negative
prisoner negative
prisoners negative
prison negative
privileged positive
proactive positive
problem negative
problems negative
profiteer negative
progress positive
prominent positive
promised positive
promise positive
promises positive
promoted positive
promote positive
promotes positive
promoting positive
propaganda negative
prosecuted negative
prosecute negative
prosecutes negative
prosecution negative
prospect positive
prospects positive
prosperous positive
protected positive
protect positive
protects positive
protesters negative
protesting negative
protest negative
protests negative
proudly positive
proud positive
provoked negative
provoke negative
provokes negative
provoking negative
pseudoscience negative
punished negative
punishes negative
punish negative
punitive negative
pushy negative
puzzled negative
quaking negative
questionable negative
questioned negative
questioning negative
racism negative
racist negative
racists negative
rageful negative
rage negative
rainy negative
ranter negative
ranters negative
rant negative
rants negative
rape negative
rapist negative
raptured positive
rapture positive
raptures positive
rapturous positive
rash negative
ratified positive
reached positive
reaches positive
reaching positive
reach positive
reassured positive
reassure positive
reassures positive
reassuring positive
rebellion negative
recession negative
reckless negative
recommended positive
recommend positive
recommends positive
redeemed positive
refused negative
refuse negative
refusing negative
regretful negative
regret negative
regrets negative
regretted negative
regretting negative
rejected negative
rejecting negative
reject negative
rejects negative
rejoiced positive
rejoice positive
rejoices positive
rejoicing positive
relaxed positive
relentless negative
reliant positive
relieved positive
relieve positive
relieves positive
relieving positive
relishing positive
remarkable positive
remorse negative
repulsed negative
repulse negative
rescued positive
rescue positive
rescues positive
resentful negative
resigned negative
resigning negative
resign negative
resigns negative
resolute positive
resolved positive
resolve positive
resolves positive
resolving positive
respected positive
responsible positive
responsive positive
restful positive
restless negative
restored positive
restore positive
restores positive
restoring positive
restricted negative
restricting negative
restriction negative
restrict negative
restricts negative
retained negative
retarded negative
retard negative
retreat negative
revengeful negative
revenge negative
revered positive
revive positive
revives positive
rewarded positive
rewarding positive
reward positive
rewards positive
rich positive
ridiculous negative
rigged negative
right positive
rig negative
rigorously positive
rigorous positive
riot negative
riots negative
risk negative
risks negative
robber negative
robed negative
robing negative
rob negative
robs negative
robust positive
roflcopter positive
roflmao positive
rofl positive
romance positive
rotflmfao positive
rotflol positive
rotfl positive
ruined negative
ruining negative
ruin negative
ruins negative
sabotage negative
saddened negative
sadden negative
sadly negative
sad negative
safely positive
safe positive
safety positive
salient positive
sappy negative
sarcastic negative
satisfied positive
saved positive
save positive
scam negative
scams negative
scandal negative
scandalous negative
scandals negative
scapegoat negative
scapegoats negative
scared negative
scare negative
scary negative
sceptical negative
scold negative
scoop positive
scornful negative
scorn negative
screamed negative
screaming negative
scream negative
screams negative
screwed negative
screwed positive
scumbag negative
secured positive
secure positive
secures positive
sedition negative
seditious negative
seduced negative
self-confident positive
self-deluded negative
selfish negative
selfishness negative
sentenced negative
sentence negative
sentences negative
sentencing negative
serene positive
severe negative
sexy positive
shaky negative
shamed negative
shameful negative
shame negative
shared positive
share positive
shares positive
shattered negative
shithead negative
shit negative
shitty negative
shocked negative
shocking negative
shock negative
shocks negative
shoot negative
shortage negative
shortages negative
short-sighted negative
short-sightedness negative
shrew negative
shy negative
sick negative
sigh negative
significance positive
significant positive
silencing negative
silly negative
sincerely positive
sincere positive
sincerest positive
sincerity positive
sinful negative
singleminded negative
skeptical negative
skepticism negative
skeptic negative
skeptics negative
slam negative
slashed negative
slashes negative
slashing negative
slash negative
slavery negative
sleeplessness negative
slicker positive
slickest positive
slick positive
sluggish negative
slut negative
smarter positive
smartest positive
smart positive
smear negative
smiled positive
smile positive
smiles positive
smiling positive
smog negative
sneaky negative
snubbed negative
snubbing negative
snub negative
snubs negative
sobering positive
solemn negative
solidarity positive
solid positive
solution positive
solutions positive
solved positive
solve positive
solves positive
solving positive
somber negative
some positive
son-of-a-bitch negative
soothed positive
soothe positive
soothing positive
sophisticated positive
sore negative
sorrowful negative
sorrow negative
sorry negative
spammer negative
spammers negative
spamming negative
spam negative
sparkle positive
sparkles positive
sparkling positive
spark positive
speculative negative
spirited positive
spiritless negative
spirit positive
spiteful negative
splendid positive
sprightly positive
squelched negative
stabbed negative
stable positive
stab negative
stabs negative
stalled negative
stalling negative
stall negative
stamina positive
stampede negative
startled negative
starved negative
starve negative
starves negative
starving negative
steadfast positive
steal negative
steals negative
stereotyped negative
stereotype negative
stifled negative
stimulated positive
stimulate positive
stimulates positive
stimulating positive
stingy negative
stolen negative
stop negative
stopped negative
stopping negative
stops negative
stout positive
straight positive
strangely negative
strange negative
strangled negative
strengthened positive
strengthening positive
strengthen positive
strengthens positive
strength positive
stressed negative
stressor negative
stressors negative
stricken negative
strike negative
strikers negative
strikes negative
stronger positive
strongest positive
strong positive
struck negative
struggled negative
struggle negative
struggles negative
struggling negative
stubborn negative
stuck negative
stunned negative
stunning positive
stupidly negative
stupid negative
suave positive
substantially positive
substantial positive
subversive negative
successful positive
success positive
suck negative
sucks negative
suffering negative
suffer negative
suffers negative
suicidal negative
suicide negative
suing negative
sulking negative
sulky negative
sullen negative
sunshine positive
superb positive
superior positive
super positive
supported positive
supporter positive
supporters positive
supporting positive
supportive positive
support positive
supports positive
survived positive
surviving positive
survivor positive
suspected negative
suspecting negative
suspect negative
suspects negative
suspended negative
suspend negative
suspicious negative
swearing negative
swear negative
swears negative
sweet positive
swiftly positive
swift positive
swindle negative
swindles negative
swindling negative
sympathetic positive
sympathy positive
tard negative
tears negative
tender positive
tense negative
tension negative
terrible negative
terribly negative
terrific positive
terrified negative
terrorized negative
terrorize negative
terrorizes negative
terror negative
thankful positive
thank positive
thanks positive
thorny negative
thoughtful positive
thoughtless negative
threatened negative
threatening negative
threaten negative
threatens negative
threat negative
threats negative
thrilled positive
thwarted negative
thwarting negative
thwart negative
thwarts negative
timid negative
timorous negative
tired negative
tits negative
tolerant positive
toothless negative
top positive
tops positive
torn negative
tortured negative
torture negative
tortures negative
torturing negative
totalitarianism negative
totalitarian negative
touted negative
touting negative
tout negative
touts negative
tragedy negative
tragic negative
tranquil positive
trap negative
trapped negative
trauma negative
traumatic negative
travesty negative
treason negative
treasonous negative
treasure positive
treasures positive
trembling negative
tremulous negative
tricked negative
trickery negative
triumphant positive
triumph positive
troubled negative
trouble negative
troubles negative
true positive
trusted positive
trust positive
tumor negative
twat negative
ugly negative
unacceptable negative
unappreciated negative
unapproved negative
unaware negative
unbelievable negative
unbelieving negative
unbiased positive
uncertain negative
unclear negative
uncomfortable negative
unconcerned negative
unconfirmed negative
unconvinced negative
uncredited negative
undecided negative
underestimated negative
underestimate negative
underestimates negative
underestimating negative
undermined negative
undermine negative
undermines negative
undermining negative
undeserving negative
undesirable negative
uneasy negative
unemployment negative
unequaled positive
unequal negative
unethical negative
unfair negative
unfocused negative
unfulfilled negative
unhappy negative
unhealthy negative
unified positive
unimpressed negative
unintelligent negative
united positive
unjust negative
unlovable negative
unloved negative
unmatched positive
unmotivated negative
unprofessional negative
unresearched negative
unsatisfied negative
unsecured negative
unsettled negative
unsophisticated negative
unstable negative
unstoppable positive
unsupported negative
unsure negative
untarnished positive
unwanted negative
unworthy negative
upset negative
upsets negative
upsetting negative
uptight negative
urgent negative
usefulness positive
useful positive
useless negative
uselessness negative
vague negative
validated positive
validate positive
validates positive
validating positive
verdict negative
verdicts negative
vested positive
vexation negative
vexing negative
vibrant positive
vicious negative
victimized negative
victimize negative
victimizes negative
victimizing negative
victim negative
victims negative
vigilant positive
vile negative
vindicated positive
vindicate positive
vindicates positive
vindicating positive
violated negative
violate negative
violates negative
violating negative
violence negative
violent negative
virtuous positive
virulent negative
visionary positive
visioning positive
vision positive
visions positive
vitality positive
vitamin positive
vitriolic negative
vivacious positive
vociferous negative
vulnerability negative
vulnerable negative
walkout negative
walkouts negative
wanker negative
want positive
warfare negative
warm positive
warmth positive
warned negative
war negative
warning negative
warnings negative
warn negative
warns negative
wasted negative
waste negative
wasting negative
wavering negative
weak negative
weakness negative
wealth positive
wealthy positive
weary negative
weeping negative
weep negative
weird negative
welcomed positive
welcome positive
welcomes positive
whimsical positive
whitewash negative
whore negative
wicked negative
widowed negative
willingness positive
winner positive
winning positive
win positive
wins positive
winwin positive
wishes positive
wishing positive
wish positive
withdrawal negative
woebegone negative
woeful negative
wonderful positive
won positive
woohoo positive
wooo positive
woo positive
woow positive
worn negative
worried negative
worrying negative
worry negative
worsened negative
worse negative
worsening negative
worsen negative
worsens negative
worshiped positive
worst negative
worthless negative
worth positive
worthy positive
wowow positive
wow positive
wowww positive
wrathful negative
wreck negative
wronged negative
wrong negative
wtf negative
yeah positive
yearning positive
yeees positive
yes positive
youthful positive
yucky negative
yummy positive
zealot negative
zealots negative
zealous positive
